the lungs remain hyperexpanded. no masses or infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural or mediastinal air collections. heart size normal.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. a tortuous calcified thoracic aorta is present. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. calcified right lower lobe granuloma the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. there is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are right upper quadrant surgical clips perhaps from cholecystectomy.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute bone abnormality.
heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute osseous findings.
heart size mildly to moderately enlarged distal tip dual lumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. mild vascular cephalization no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema no focal alveolar consolidation. no pleural effusion demonstrated.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. interval removal of left sided intravenous catheter. no pneumothorax. opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms slightly improved from prior examination. right sided rib fractures again noted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
twoimages. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes in the spine.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
the heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
there is a lobulated contour to the right paratracheal stripe possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
heart size at the upper limits of normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation large effusion or appreciable pneumothorax. tortuous unfolded to descending aorta. calcified aortic . curvature of the thoracic spine. exaggerated kyphosis. are diffusely osteopenic. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior loss of several vertebral bodies.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
left chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior . normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear lungs bilaterally. fracture seen at thoracic vertebrae t5 and lumbar l2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine.
calcified thoracic aorta. mild rightward deviation of the trachea unchanged from comparison secondary to a goiter. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
redemonstration of moderately inflated lungs consistent with copd and unchanged. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic seen. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. there are t spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified right hilar granuloma. there are degenerative changes of the . there is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most represents a skinfold. there is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib.
mediastinal contours are normal. blunting of the left costophrenic . increased interstitial opacities. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is subphrenic intraperitoneal extraluminal free .
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. tubular densities overlying the heart are coronary artery stents. there are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior examination and represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
stable left chest cardiac generator with twodistal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. emphysema. stable calcified granulomas. bony structures appear intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. stable 4 mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
there is stable mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. there are grossly intact sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips. there is no focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. the heart pulmonary appear normal. is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces effusions.
the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormalities.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the posterior costophrenic are excluded on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace opacities. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the included osseous structures are grossly intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
twoimages. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. there is a 10 nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. scattered densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. chronic blunting of the costophrenic . healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. multilevel cervical arthritis.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
there is interval placement of a on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. the heart size is within normal limits. lung volumes within normal limits. slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. increased peribronchial cuffing. no large consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. there is subpleural edema outlining the right fissure.
the tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities stable from prior radiographs. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. no acute bone abnormality.
calcified granulomas noted. symmetric apical scarring. the diaphragms are flattened and the chest is somewhat shaped. the cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiac silhouette is unchanged. aorta is calcified ectatic and tortuous. no pneumothorax. basilar reticular opacities represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. there is a hiatal hernia.
there are opacities in the left lung subsegmental atelectasis. opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal reflect epicardial fat and overlying breast tissue. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
there is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. they re stable tortuosity of the aorta. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax.
there is an ovoid opacity 35 cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view not well seen on the lateral view a dedicated scan is recommended. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. the heart is normal in size. no hilar lymphadenopathy. no destructive bony lesions.
the the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. lumbar scoliosis is noted.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable.
lungs are clear. heart and mediastinum appear normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes noted. the heart size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a left lung calcified granuloma noted. there has been resolution of the left sided airspace disease.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart size is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and right basilar atelectasis. left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. there is a stable left picc with tip overlying the mid svc and large feeding tube courses below the diaphragm.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are noted. a few opacities are present consistent with of scarring or atelectasis.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no displaced rib fractures identified.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. the stomach contour normal. there is right hemidiaphragm elevation. lungs are clear. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
there is minimal opacity in the left lung base representing atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph are present. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
study is somewhat limited by body habitus. cardiomegaly is noted with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left sided rib fractures without acute abnormality.
mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
heart size is within normal limits for ap technique. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate. no visible pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild blunting of right costophrenic . the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. increased interstitial lung markings are seen possibly due to volume overload. there is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. stable tunneled dialysis catheter. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. overlying ekg leads.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
there is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient s known thyroid mass. there is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal opacification. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. no acute bone abnormality.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
there is a right pleural effusion which appears somewhat loculated. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. the left lung is grossly clear. unchanged sclerotic lesion in the left proximal clavicle. no pneumothorax. no left pleural effusion. there are t spine osteophytes.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified. there is slightly increased opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease in the right middle lobe. the left lung is clear. no pneumothorax or effusion identified.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. the inferior posterior sulcus is excluded.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy and surgical clips are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
chest the heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. right knee there are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. there is no fracture or dislocation. left knee there is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. the of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. there is no fracture or dislocation.
low lung volumes. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. patchy opacities right base again noted. left lung clear. heart size top normal. aortic calcification. granulomas. no evidence of pneumothorax. blunting of the bilateral costophrenic . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no non calcified nodules are identified.
lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses. the eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. pulmonary are normal.
the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
heart size is within normal limits. aorta appears tortuous and ectatic unchanged from comparison. there is a stable dual icd pacemaker. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. visualized osseous structures are grossly intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. stable scarring in the right lung apex.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
heart size within normal limits. streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
apical lordotic frontal view. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
ap view was obtained due to patient condition. low volume lungs. no focal lung consolidation. the heart is not enlarged. no pleural effusion.
low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified bilateral hilar lymph greater on the left. no acute osseous findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. mild opacities in the retrocardiac region. no large effusions or pneumothorax.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of 16 two24 diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. there is right greater than left bibasilar consolidation. there are small pleural effusions right larger than left. no evidence of pneumothorax. dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta.
density in the left upper lung on pa represents superimposed bony and vascular structures. there is calcification of the first rib costicartilage junction which contributes to this appearance. the lungs otherwise appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. in the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contour is normal. there are degenerative changes of thoracic spine. there is an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall with intact distal leads in the right heart.
heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes.
pa and lateral views. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. no effusions consolidation or pneumothorax.
the heart size is within normal limits. after cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities.
no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there are prominent lateral osteophytes along the right aspect of the mid thoracic spine which are stable. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. probable old lateral right rib fractures.
the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable.
heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions. bony structures are intact.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. otherwise the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no acute osseous injury demonstrated.
hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. heart size within normal limits. bibasilar right greater than left atelectasis airspace disease noted. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
there are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart size is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous stable from the prior radiograph. aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. there are scattered calcified granulomas. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities right greater than left. bronchovascular crowding indistinct central vascular margination. no findings to suggest pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size within normal limits.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lung volumes are low. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no nodules or adenopathy is identified.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. negative for pneumothorax. negative for focal air space consolidation. some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases relates to subsegmental atelectasis.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
there is 19 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. catheter tip may be within the proximal svc or azygos vein. normal heart size. left perihilar and midlung densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomegaly is noted and is stable compared to prior examination from . stable right basilar calcified granuloma. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
status post sternotomy and cabg. heart size is normal. coronary vascular stent. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. calcified mediastinal lymph . normal pulmonary vascularity. degenerative changes of the spine.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule again noted in the right lower lobe suggesting a previous granulomatous process.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
two left sided chest tubes again noted. interval improved aeration of the left lung compared to prior. interval improvement in left lung pleural fluid. right lung clear. endotracheal tube noted with tip approximately 45 cm above the carina. left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the high svc. no evidence of pneumothorax.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear.
heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
lung volumes are low. the heart is large the pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates. opacity is present in the left midlung.
borderline enlarged heart. torturous ectatic thoracic aorta. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes of the spine. there is fracture of distal right clavicle better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated . small round lucency in the distal left clavicle appears benign. degenerative changes of both joints.
rotated with low lung volumes. question left atrial enlargement appreciated on lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
cardiomegaly. interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour.
heart size is normal. stable mediastinal contour. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
the lungs are without focal air space opacity. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. pulmonary are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
there is mild cardiomegaly similar to prior exams. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. the mediastinum is normal. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
stable appearance of lower cervical fusion . heart size normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. dish of the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. emphysematous changes. nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. no consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine.
there is mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are small bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right with left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. interval placement of right humeral prosthesis incompletely evaluated. incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion . cholecystectomy.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is again mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are stable. patient is somewhat rotated. the lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. opacities compatible with atelectasis. no large effusion is seen. there is no focal consolidation. pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. there are bilateral degenerative changes of the with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. correlate clinically.
the heart is not enlarged. the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. lungs are otherwise well aerated.
mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is upper limits of normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality.
there is no focal consolidation. mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic represent small effusions. no pneumothorax is present. there is moderate cardiomegaly. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
right mid lung nodule stable etiology not determined. this is noncalcified and is stable since a ct examination from and is benign etiology. the lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. costophrenic clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment. overlying leads.
again the patient is mildly rotated and there is a mild curvature of the thoracic spine. stable borderline cardiac enlargement. in the left lower lobe on the lateral view there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. the be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. no significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an extensive fusion of the posterior cervical spine.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature again noted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. right suprahilar calcified lymph . right lung base calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. negative for acute bone abnormality.
lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. visualized osseous structures intact.
there are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. in the right lung there is a 19 x 21 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib. there is a 10 x 12 cm nodule above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right. there is a 10 x 11 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the pa view. if not already performed contrast enhanced would be suited to evaluate these findings. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. to the stomach contours appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary appear normal. there are left sided axillary clips. there is a right internal jugular central catheter the distal tip in right atrium.
no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. left axillary surgical clips unchanged visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. atherosclerotic aorta. mild blunting left costophrenic recess possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. no confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis.
minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are biapical opacities stable from the prior study. no focal airspace consolidation. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is mildly enlarged. the aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. costophrenic are blunted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity large effusion or pneumothorax. the are grossly intact. degenerative t spine osteophytes.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. old rib fractures healed. stable increased density overlying the lower mediastinum unchanged is due to hiatal hernia seen on examination.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a sternotomy. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
heart is mildly enlarged stable. mediastinal contour is normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. lungs are clear.
there is stable left costophrenic blunting. the patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. there are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. heart size normal. no visualized pneumothorax. there is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or large effusion.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no interval change is found in the bony thorax. the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule on the ct scan. no pulmonary nodule is found.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. vague density in right mid lung related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. not visualized on lateral examination.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. small pleural effusion is identified.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
heart size within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. multilevel degenerative disease of the spine.
stable calcified hilar and granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. the heart pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased ap chest diameter compatible with emphysema. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate pneumothorax pleural effusion or identified mass lesion. there is normal cardiomediastinal contours.
lung volumes are low. in the interval a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. heart and pulmonary are normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
sternotomy appear intact. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal lung opacity. clips overlie the right upper quadrant.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. osteopenia and deformities degenerative changes and scoliosis are present in the thoracic spine. calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. on component of a scan several nodules were identified. a nodule is seen in the right middle lobe which corresponds with one of the nodules present on the previous ct scan.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is mild scoliosis of the spine.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex as well as over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
and lateral views of the chest were obtained . the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. positioning of the pacemaker generator is unchanged and in its threeleads remain intact. the additional pacing over the left atrium also appear unchanged. thoracolumbar scoliosis is again noted. the remain intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. prominent left epicardial fat .
minimally increased airspace opacities bilaterally most prominent in the lung bases. heart size is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine this may be positional. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph are again identified. there is mild prominence of the right paratracheal soft tissues stable in appearance from prior studies. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. osteopenia and degenerative changes are identified. deformity of thoracic vertebrae t9 appears worse than prior study.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic . no focal consolidation is seen.
no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. stable left subclavian chest catheter tip in mid svc. lungs are well expanded. calcified granuloma posteriorly in the medial right lower lobe. postsurgical changes of anterior lower cervical spine fusion. thoracic spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with some mild loss of thoracic vertebrae t4 and thoracic vertebrae t7 vertebral bodies.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with aortic tortuosity. lungs are clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are noted. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. incidental note of an azygos fissure. there are surgical clips perhaps from cholecystectomy in the right upper quadrant.
the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart is normal in size. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute or destructive bone abnormality.
stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. persistent bilateral lower lobe airspace disease not significantly compared to prior. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
twoimages. moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis similar to prior imaging. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. multiple calcified granulomas identified bilaterally. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
low lung volumes. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. left humeral head bone anchors.
no focal consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen skin fold artifact. mild aortic ectasia tortuosity no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. contour irregularity of the lateral right 9th rib of indeterminate age.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no deformities. emphysematous changes.
coronary artery stents visualized. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
moderate to marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.
right sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy . left base opacities again noted stable. there is a left lung opacity not well appreciated on prior. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. low lung volumes. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
twoimages. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given ap projection. the right lung appears clear. there is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a partially visualized ivc on the lateral view. there are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
the cardiac contours are normal. prominent pulmonary arteries. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the heart is normal in size. left sided pacemaker and associated are unchanged in position. there is also an unchanged incompletely visualized arising below the left hemidiaphragm. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is streaky opacification in the right midlung. there is mild levocurvature involving the thoracolumbar spine.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
there is s shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. there are t spine osteophytes. opacity in the left lower lobe represents atelectasis or scarring. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified hilar lymph .
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are present. the lungs are clear.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph . the osseous structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. there is retrocardiac density which corresponds to patient s known hiatal hernia. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen.
heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings consistent with emphysema. stable biapical pleural parenchymal scarring. scattered granulomas. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is right basilar air space opacity.
stable appearing right sided the opacities. there is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. calcified granuloma seen. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
stable calcified granulomas. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. calcified lymph are identified in the left infrahilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. a 9 mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior 6th right rib on the frontal view.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded.
lung volumes are mildly decreased. the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is bilateral lower lobe airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. there is large right sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. mild perihilar opacities edema. no pneumothorax is seen.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. degenerative changes in the spine.
there are low lung volumes. there is bronchovascular crowding. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures intact.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph . lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. multiple anterior endplate osteophyte formation along thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. right chest is visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. low lung volumes however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures grossly intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. patient status post sternotomy and cabg.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces. mild degeneration of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion.
the lungs are hyperexpanded. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal airspace opacities pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a calcific density in the left midlung zone represents old granulomatous disease. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
chest the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. thoracic spine mild dextro curvature the upper thoracic spine. evaluation of the upper thoracic bodies is limited secondary to osseous overlap. vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative endplate changes. lumbar spine there are fivenonrib bearing lumbar type vertebral bodies. alignment is within normal limits. vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative change without acute displaced fracture or dislocation. moderate amount of stool.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette stable with atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease with worsened patchy opacities and a left apex and right base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. chronic appearing left greater than right lung base scarring with possible small effusions. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart size is normal. there is prominent left epicardial fat. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and vascularity are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. gastrostomy tube is noted.
the trachea is midline. cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy . the lungs are clear without acute infiltrate effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine anterior osteophytes.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is within normal limits. there are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. there is no pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. abnormal convexity within the mediastinum represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior .
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size.
large medial right upper lobe mass lesion measuring approximately 58 cm x 60 cm in diameter. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. lungs clear. heart size within normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right fissure. there is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic consistent with a small effusion and or pleural scarring. the lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. there is mild cardiomegaly. there are degenerative changes and a mild dextroscoliosis in the thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. convexity also present on the previous examination.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax large effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
endotracheal tube and ng tube have been removed. mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. degenerative changes in the spine.
chest. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. ribs. there are no displaced rib fractures or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. soft tissues appear normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the right chest tip is visualized in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the lungs appear clear. no evidence of focal pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary are normal. there is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery. in the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal.
normal heart. clear lungs. trachea midline. scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
calcified granulomas. calcified hilar . no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. question large pulmonary arteries. lung are hyperexpanded. prominent substernal air space. aortic calcifications. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormality.
overall low lung volumes. lungs are grossly clear. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. this appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine.
central pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial opacities are present. negative for pneumothorax. moderate volume bilateral pleural effusions are present. mild cardiomegaly. right upper extremity picc terminates at the cavoatrial junction. implantable cardiac device and leads appears unchanged.
there is a stable appearing left sided . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
pa and lateral views were obtained. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
sternotomy remain in . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with copd. mild cardiomegaly. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to .
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. and curvilinear densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is a right sided chest identified whose distal tip projects over the svc. heart size is normal. low lung volumes with elevated right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are grossly clear. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal pulmonary vascularity. normal mediastinal and hilar contours. degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. the mediastinum is stable. there is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest patient s known large breast mass. the appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. the lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise . there is no pleural effusion.
central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. left basilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. heart size large. unremarkable. no large pleural effusion.
stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
there is a stable closure device projected over the heart. the heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. there is stable scarring of left mid lung. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no infiltrate effusion mass or pneumothorax.
there is redemonstration of an aicd in the left chest wall with intact stable placement. there are multiple intact sternotomy . there is persistent enlargement of cardiac silhouette. mediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. redemonstration of degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. left sided pacemaker again noted with onein right atrium another right ventricle and third in the left ventricle. these are stable. there is stable cardiomegaly.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. calcified mediastinal lymph . prominent right paratracheal stripe. emphysema. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis.
heart size near top normal bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance mild aortic ectasia tortuosity. diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema and irregular interstitial markings right greater than left. prominent left epicardial fat no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. atrial septal occluder artifact. mild spine curvature.
heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
there has been interval sternotomy with mitral valve surgery. there is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is continued cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium.
stable cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. stable sternotomy several of which are interrupted and mediastinal clips. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t spine osteophytes.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence which has chronic appearance. cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. two airspace consolidation or effusion. are osteopenic. no visible pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial marking. right upper lobe granuloma stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
borderline enlarged heart. stable mediastinal contours. aortic calcifications. hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings compatible with emphysema. bilateral streaky opacities. increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal airspace disease. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
stable appearance of the right aortic . normal heart size. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. calcified granulomas in bilateral and overlying the thoracic vertebrae t9 vertebral body lateral view . no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scattered of left base atelectasis are noted. left a is in with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable.
normal heart size and mediastinal contour. atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic . no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable biapical lucency and apical scarring consistent with emphysema. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old right sided rib deformities are noted.
large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacification.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. the right lung is clear. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine.
the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are persistent bilateral lower lobe opacities subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. no focal infiltrate is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
defibrillator is in stable position. the and soft tissue appear normal. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. the aortic is on the left. the trachea is well seen and appears normal. the lungs are clear.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. stable right paratracheal prominence consistent with known calcified lymph node seen on prior ct chest dated . are unremarkable.
there is stable cardiomegaly. aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are multiple pleural calcifications representing prior asbestos exposure. these appear unchanged. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
lung volumes are low. prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. bullae are present both upper lobes right worse than left. no pleural air collections. heart size normal.
stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.
there is hyperexpansion hyperlucency of both lungs as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion identified blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening scar. stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph and a left basilar calcified granuloma. acute osseous abnormality. the mediastinal silhouette stable.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. there is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine.
lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
stable cardiomegaly. stable tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace opacities pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. cardiac valve replacement. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
chest. the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left knee. the right total knee prosthesis remains in . the medial compartment is markedly narrow. large osteophytes are present on the left femur and tibial lateral plateaus.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. changes of right mastectomy. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. mild thoracic spine degenerative change
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. no large effusions.
heart size is normal. aorta is tortuous and ectatic. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. pleural effusions or pneumothorax. endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region may represent calcified granulomas. there is a round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. are unremarkable.
heart size normal. prominent epicardial fat. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
heart is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild streaky opacity lateral right lung atelectasis versus scarring.
three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. the largest measures 35 mm in diameter. another nodule is present near the right hilum. it is approximately 2 cm in diameter. the and mediastinum appear normal. heart size normal.
this study is limited by the patient body habitus. lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. mild arthritic changes of the spine are present.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs appear to be clear other than a calcified granuloma on left. heart is not enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. there is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine and there are multiple deformities. a stimulator is seen.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
normal heart. calcified right hilar granulomas. no focal infiltrate. midline trachea.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
mild cardiomegaly. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact.
sternotomy and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior examination without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
heart mediastinum bony structures and lung are unremarkable.
no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities. heart size is normal.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
lung volumes are low. there is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on pa view. this may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction. there is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. there is left sided picc line the distal tip in the lower superior vena . the heart and pulmonary are normal. these contours are normal.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable calcified granuloma in the left midlung. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there are opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. no significant pleural effusion is seen.
low lung volumes. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal air space consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid one third of the right clavicle.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. elevated right diaphragm. the lungs are clear. degenerative spondylosis. there appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
heart size within normal limits. mild left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. tortuous aorta. hiatal hernia.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
twoimages. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary . lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size normal. no pneumothorax large pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. no large pleural effusions.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours. clear lungs bilaterally. redemonstration of transmetatarsal amputation. no evidence of acute fracture dislocations. no evidence of any bony erosions or osseous infections.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal consolidation. there is pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is prominent right anterior first rib end.
normal heart size. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. a single cardiac defibrillator projects over the right ventricle in stable position. there are sternotomy and surgical clips from prior cabg.
the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size remains slightly large. pulmonary are normal. aorta tortuous.
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lung volumes are low. there is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. minimal atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is stable enlargement of the heart. no focus of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. thin lingular scar unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. old right rib fractures.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
right lower lobe infiltrate. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. there has been interval placement of a left chest with its distal tip in the left sided svc
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. masslike opacification of right apex. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. are grossly normal.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. right lower lung patchy opacities. small right pneumothorax. small right pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are multiple sternotomy and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. the most caudal sternotomy is fractured. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. rectal balloon is noted. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. there is again eventration of the hemidiaphragms bochdalek hernia posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection. bilateral pleural thickening is noted. there are streaky opacities in the lung bases unchanged chronic atelectasis.
stable right chest wall pacemaker with leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. stable cardiomegaly. calcified thoracic aorta is unchanged. stable mild interstitial opacities. unchanged dense retrocardiac opacities. no pneumothorax or large effusion.
there are twoicd leads one with the tip in the expected region of the right atrium and the other with the tip projected over the midline in the expected region of the right ventricle. calcified granulomas. normal heart size. tortuous aorta. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. bilateral breast prostheses with calcification.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.there is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. again visualized is a wedge shaped fracture of thoracic vertebrae t12.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the right lung is clear. there is a recurrence moderate sized left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. large hiatal hernia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance.
apical lordotic frontal view. heart size within normal limits mild aortic ectasia tortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes within the spine.
the heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. there has been removal of the right sided picc line. there is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic blunting which is not evident on the lateral examination. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is no pneumothorax.
right dual lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. heart size at the upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. no visualized pneumothorax. prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. vague nodular density right upper lobe overlying the right anterior 2nd and posterior 6th ribs. this could represent healing fracture or superimposed structures. bony thorax is unremarkable.
compared to prior chest radiograph from there has been removal of right sided tunneled dialysis catheter. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 10 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from . no nodules focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. there are bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. there is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
pa and lateral views were obtained. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. a 5 mm stable right apical nodule.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
both lungs remain hyperexpanded. no focal infiltrates. a small pleural or collection is present in the right apex. however it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. heart size remains normal.
interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. heart size is normal. pulmonary normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is a 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule not seen on prior exams. there are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. no focal airspace consolidation or effusion. no pneumothorax.
normal heart size. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. left nipple silhouette visualized. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size within normal limits. small nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this does not look like an acute infiltrate and more represents a granuloma. no pneumothorax or effusions.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
there are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities representing subsegmental atelectasis. the cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. there are opacities which appear to above the right fissure. there is mild thickening in the fissure. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions.
severe emphysematous disease is again noted. multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal.
stable cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. stable left lung base calcifications. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection immediately retrocardiac is to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. bilateral nipple jewelry.
heart size is normal. no focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. mildly tortuous aorta.
no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. anterior cervical fusion . tortuous and ectatic aorta. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are no focal infiltrates. there is prominent epipericardial fat. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. right 7th and 8th rib deformities are noted. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.
normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is aortic vascular calcification. and there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are vascular and skeletal senescent changes.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal . cholecystectomy.
icd leads in position to prior study with stable cardiomegaly. no pulmonary consolidation. lungs hyperinflated. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. no significant pleural effusion. minimal opacity at the lateral costophrenic may be due to degree of lung inflation versus minimal pleural parenchymal scarring or atelectasis. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment. the arm projects over chest on the lateral view.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. the study is somewhat limited. no focal consolidation is seen.
there are low lung volumes. the heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. there is no pulmonary vascular congestion. there is minimal right basilar atelectasis. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures appear intact.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the patient is status post cabg. a few opacities are present in the left base the appearance which scarring or atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there is no acute displaced rib fracture. bony structures are unremarkable.
heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. the pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. the lung parenchyma is clear without focal infiltrate. there are no pleural effusions and there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. no displaced rib fractures. right nipple ring noted.
the lungs are clear. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the examination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
frontal on two cassettes and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are surgical clips seen within the upper abdomen.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild congestion without edema. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies compatible with cell changes.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced rib fractures. a calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral rib deformities are noted possibly old fractures. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart size is enlarged. the aorta is tortuous. the pulmonary vasculature appears normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues.
the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is a left sided tunneled catheter the distal tip at the mid superior level.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th 5th and 6th ribs age indeterminate.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable small right basilar calcified granuloma. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is slight wedge deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no focal opacity.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. emphysematous changes are identified. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
low lung volumes. normal heart size. no pneumothorax. no large effusion. no focal infiltrate.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical . this is unchanged 31 17 . the remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. there are irregular opacities in the left lung apex that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.there are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is bilateral basilar opacity compatible with atelectasis. there are somewhat low lung volumes. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
this examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal.
right a is in . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. some prominent perihilar opacities are present. some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. these are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
there is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina recommend retraction. heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. there is a round bullet overlying the thoracic vertebrae t10 vertebral body. density is seen within the right lower lobe representing hemorrhage. there is a right sided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. there is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. the osseous structures are otherwise normal.
lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. there are expansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous ct. findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
heart is enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally predominantly in the bases with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour. clear lungs bilaterally.
mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation no pleural effusion demonstrated. considering technical factors heart size within normal limits.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe compatible with infiltrate. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
there are lower lung volumes. there is central bronchovascular crowding. volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on is not as well demonstrated on radiography. no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. there is severe underlying emphysema. the aorta is calcified. there is spondylosis.
no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. osseous structures are grossly intact.
ap and lateral view of the chest.
blunting of the costophrenic represents scarring. no pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax identified. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior examination. multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted.
there is no focal consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. scattered calcified nodules compatible with granulomatous disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no masses or suspicious nodules. are unremarkable.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there is a left basilar airspace opacity. right basilar atelectasis. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
heart mediastinum bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no significant interval change compared to prior study no infiltrates noted.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
left anterior chest wall pacemaker defibrillator. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. spurring of thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. opacities in the left lung base are compatible with scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. no airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. right upper quadrant surgical clips.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is a scoliosis of the thoracic spine. the ribs as visualized appear unremarkable.
heart size is normal. there are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph which suggest prior histoplasmosis exposure. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no visible pneumothorax . right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic . there is a of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. there is alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine.
the aortic cardiac apex and stomach are left sided. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. mediastinal contour normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are stable fractures of several . lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
postsurgical changes of sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior plates. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. no focal consolidation suspicious bony opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. minimal thoracic spondylosis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. scoliosis is unchanged. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications.
there is a large hiatal hernia. the stomach is distended with an air fluid level. this was incompletely demonstrated on the ct of the abdomen and pelvis. heart is within normal limits. there is mild atelectatic change draped over the hernia sac. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. heart and mediastinum stable configuration. stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. lungs clear of consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax intact. minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right upper lobe scarring atelectasis. aortic calcifications.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes are seen throughout the spine and both .
lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal.
chronic appearing opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
twoimages. heart size is enlarged stable. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there is dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. there is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. calcified right hilar lymph are demonstrated. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there are low lung volumes. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta stable compared with prior. no focal airspace disease or effusion. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most pneumonia. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size. dilated pulmonary arteries. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. decreased biapical vascular markings with moderate hyperexpansion the lungs consistent with obstructive pulmonary disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. specifically no evidence of rib fractures.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures
cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. right lung is clear. stable blunting of costophrenic with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior examination. no visualized pneumothorax or focal consolidation. unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits. mediastinal contours unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. right lung is clear. opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable.
the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior examination. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mediastinal surgical clips are again noted.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild patchy right upper lobe opacities similar to slightly improved from . left lung clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable paratracheal soft tissue density dating back to exams in confluence of vascular shadows. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. there is no opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes.
right chest tip low svc. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. prosthetic right humeral head. prior lower cervical spine surgery. deformity at the thoracolumbar junction with an acute kyphosis.
lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multiple healed posterior left rib fractures.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. incidental note is of an azygos fissure. there are no acute bony findings.
lungs are clear. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. interval resolution of left effusion. central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is no pulmonary nodule identified. there is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated.
heart size within normal limits. mild hyperinflation of the lungs. mild pectus excavatum deformity. stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring 20 cm which is to be in the posterobasal segment. there is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at some concern for neoplasm. a is recommended. no airspace disease effusion or cavitary nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips. configuration of breast shadows on the pa view suggests prior right lumpectomy.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
mild cardiomegaly. tortuous thoracic aorta with atherosclerosis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine without evidence of deformity. the visualized osseous structures are intact. no displaced rib fractures. no edema or airspace consolidation
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there are no large pleural effusions.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. no acute bony abnormalities.
normal heart size. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. heart size is within normal limits. normal mediastinal contours. no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the osseous structures are grossly intact.
no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the previously br described deformity in the midthoracic spine is again seen. there is subcutaneous shunt catheter tubing along the anterior chest wall
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
mild cardiomegaly unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. normal pulmonary vascularity. unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. minimal left basal airspace opacity. unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic scarring versus effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the heart and mediastinum are normal. the lungs are clear. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic . there is no infiltrate mass or pneumothorax. the right internal jugular catheter has been removed.
lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary remain normal.
heart size is enlarged. cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous examination. there is blunting of the right costophrenic old pleural scar. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. a left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. there is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the .
heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax.
borderline cardiomegaly. midline sternotomy . enlarged pulmonary arteries. clear lungs. inferior .
normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the cardiac pacing leads over the right atrium and right ventricle. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
intact sternotomy . stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph and left basilar calcified granuloma. relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. the negative for pneumothorax focal infiltrate or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the costophrenic are blunted. the interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic disease emphysema. no focal consolidation is seen.
no change in the appearance of the left upper lobectomy. left parahilar scar is unchanged. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size remains normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from . the lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. stable left mid lung granuloma.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature noted.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. a total of threeimages were obtained. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. there is atelectasis. no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified right infrahilar lymph again seen. partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion .
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. sternotomy overlie the heart.
there is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits of size and contour. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. there is again a pleural based density in the right lung base related to subpleural fat. the appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion.
heart size is within normal limits. tortuous aorta. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. right lower lung granuloma.
there are opacities within both lung bases representing atelectasis. heart size is upper limits of normal. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic which may represent a small right pleural effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and heart size within normal limits and stable. no acute osseous abnormality. there is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. old healed left rib fractures are noted.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. biapical scarring noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. old fractures seen the left 9th rib.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. stable left abdominal surgical clips. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. normal heart size. right picc is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
this is an apical lordotic view the chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. there is deformity of the thoracic vertebrae t9 vertebral body. levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right chest tip in the low svc. right granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
both lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and pulmonary are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
there are changes of sternotomy and cabg. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable calcified granulomas. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
elevated right hemidiaphragm. clear lungs. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. generative changes within the spine. in the upper lumbar spine there is an age indeterminate wedge of a vertebral body.
no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
twoimages. small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. otherwise the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size. left chest tip mid svc. right axillary surgical clips. stable pleural based nodule left mid chest. no acute pulmonary findings.
heart mediastinum bony structures are unremarkable. stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. no infiltrates noted.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
there is a right upper lobe opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
normal heart size. stable position of twopacemaker electrodes with a tip in the expected region of the right atrium and another tip in the expected region of the right ventricle. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. are unremarkable.
low lung volumes. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
there is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. stable atelectatic fibrotic changes of the visualized lung and stable left sided calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.
there are t spine osteophytes. small nodule projecting near the left heart is unchanged from and appears calcified. this represents a calcified granuloma. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. there are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. the are mildly prominent but stable. no acute infiltrate is seen. there is no pleural effusion.
there are persistent low lung volumes. there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. probable residual left pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal contour. left sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the chest comparison.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax. there is minimal left basilar atelectasis. there are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung . these are not well appreciated on the lateral projection.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. significant degenerative changes of the are again noted bilaterally.
the heart is enlarged. changes of sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. right pleural thickening versus pleural effusion is noted. there is no acute infiltrate. no pneumothorax is seen. mild granulomatous sequela are noted.
chest twoimages. heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. there is a mild pectus excavatum deformity. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. there is no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no convincing acute bony findings. right shoulder threeimages. there has been and screw fixation of the midshaft right clavicle. the lateral most screw is fractured. this is age indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. otherwise the surgical appears intact. the humeral head is seen within the glenoid without evidence for dislocation. no bony fractures are seen. the visualized right ribs appear intact. right clavicle twoimages. no clavicle fracture is seen. once again noted is the surgical fixation with fracture of the lateral most fixation screw.
limited evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. opacities are related to overlying soft tissues. the posterior sulci are clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable left lower lobe scarring. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
lungs are without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal status post sternotomy. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. incidental note is of previous left rotator repair.
unchanged cardiomegaly. negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no large effusion. mildly prominent interstitial opacities.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. vascular calcification is identified. calcified granuloma is present in the right lower lobe. no nodules are seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. no focal airspace disease is identified.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted.
heart size aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 6 mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior 5th rib on the frontal view. no focal bony abnormality identified.
compared to prior examination stent has been removed. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. stable mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are noted. there are mildly low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen.
the cardiac contours are normal. basilar atelectasis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical arthritis.
well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule unchanged appearance from previous examination sevenyears ago. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. redemonstrated syndesmophyte.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no focal lung opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. there is a a terminating at the caval atrial junction without evidence of pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace disease. there are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe old granulomatous infection. there are no acute bony findings.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. mild basilar atelectasis. increased density the lung bases favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
normal heart size. stable tortuous thoracic aorta. prior granulomatous disease. healed rib fractures appear stable. focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which represents healing rib callus. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. right hilar surgical clips. stable right sided volume loss. increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe seen on lateral view. no pneumothorax. severe degenerative disease of the .
mild cardiomegaly stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
clear lungs. heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is is a calcified opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema hematoma or prior tb. no cavitary lesions are seen. are grossly unremarkable.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph suggesting prior granulomatous disease. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
there is opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
sternotomy appear intact. surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. mitral valve replacement seen. low lung volumes. the interstitial markings appear prominent which may represent interstitial edema. there is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view which could represent a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
stable normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary and interstitium. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no active acute cardiopulmonary disease.
there are minimal left basilar opacities subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. cardiac defibrillator overlies the right ventricle. the appears intact. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. multiple calcified splenic granulomas are also noted. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules identified.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated. there are streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. b lines are also noted. definite infiltrate is not excluded. there is no large effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. a calcified granuloma is identified in the right middle lobe. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal opacities. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. central vascular markings are mildly prominent. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild spondylosis.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. there is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. mild lung hyperinflation. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
the heart is mildly enlarged. pulmonary vascularity is increased. there is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. air space disease and or atelectasis is noted in right lung base. there is also streaky opacity in the left base. the costophrenic are blunted.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. clear lung bilaterally. no intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. callus or granulomas identified. left a remains in .
the cardiac contours are normal. mild atherosclerosis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
left picc line and ng tube remain in . heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. small bilateral pleural effusions are present. no pneumothorax is noted.
feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. left subclavian central line tip is at the upper svc. shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. there is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion. chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. no pneumothorax.
changes post bilateral thoracotomy and sternotomy. intact . stable position of the epicardial . mild cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. bilateral small pleural effusions.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
normal heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. scattered granulomas. no lobar pneumonia. probable post your recess effusions. kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with cabg. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is an obliquely oriented lucency through the posterior right 12th rib.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
lungs are clear. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
left midlung opacity noted not visualized on prior. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no interval change in the appearance of the opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
patient is slightly rotated. normal heart size. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. mild degenerative change thoracic spine. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size normal limits.
in the interval a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. it is not calcified. no other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and pulmonary are normal. are normal.
cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
the heart size is normal. there is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. no acute bony abnormalities. no effusion or infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine.
a cardiac defibrillator device is in over the left chest wall with a single projecting over the right ventricle. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced rib fractures.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
this radiograph was available for my interpretation at hours . there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are calcified granulomas noted. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in study. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is biapical scarring noted. there is slight bilateral costovertebral blunting which may indicate effusions. no pneumothorax is identified. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a left sided dual unchanged from the comparison study with leads in expected position.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. dual cardiac pacing device is in stable position with leads projecting over the right atrium and right ventricle. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior exams. the lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. interval placement of the chest with the tip in the superior . no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. central venous catheter is again noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
the heart is again enlarged stable. the left subclavian icd is unchanged position. there is a right upper extremity picc line the tip is partially obscured by the pacemaker . the tip appears to be in the proximal svc. no pneumothorax is seen. there is mild central vascular prominence and bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are hypoinflated without focal consolidation.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. left hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
there s been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. these t contours are within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a sternotomy. the heart is not enlarged. some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. the skeletal structures are normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph are present.
there is marked cardiomegaly. there is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings are due to low lung volumes. elevated right hemidiaphragm.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable mild dextro curvature of the spine.
chest. the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. thoracic spine. the examination consists of frontal lateral and swimmers lateral radiographs of the thoracic spine. there is no evidence of fracture or malalignment. the vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. sternum. the examination consists of twooblique and one lateral radiograph of the sternum. no displaced fracture demonstrated.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. scattered granulomatous changes. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thorax is unremarkable
and lateral views of the chest were . the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. there is stable mild tenting of the medial aspect of the right diaphragm. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
small 33 mm right sided pneumothorax only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. left lung is clear. normal cardiac contour. no evidence of pleural effusion.
there is stable cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. there are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease right greater than left. there is no pneumothorax. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
there is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. persistent small right pleural effusion and atelectasis. no pneumothorax. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. no acute bone abnormality.
there is mild mentally without pulmonary edema. tortuous thoracic aorta unchanged. stable positioning of the dual cardiac device. no visible pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. focal airspace consolidation is visualized in the superior segment of the left lower lobe appreciated on lateral projection. increased retrosternal clear space suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
there is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. the lung are clear. there are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there is mild streakiness in the right base. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. calcified granulomatous disease noted. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
there are biapical opacities possibly scarring. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. right sided chest catheter tip is at the lower svc. several right axillary surgical clips are noted. there are postoperative changes of right mastectomy.
normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right lung base airspace disease on frontal . opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild wedge deformity of thoracic vertebrae t12.
mild cardiomegaly. normal size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. chondral cartilages causing over the anterior lungs on lateral view.
borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine.
low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.
lungs remain hyperexpanded. no change in the right middle lobe opacification. no infiltrates or masses. pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.
sternotomy unchanged in position from prior examination with some disrupted. cardiac generator overlies left chest with leads in unchanged position since prior examination. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. mild cardiomegaly. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there has been interval removal of right sided central venous catheter. enteric tube is again noted coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal unchanged from prior. low lung volumes causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
threeimages. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are costochondral calcifications. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old left clavicle fracture noted.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis dish .
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. dual lumen right ij catheter is identified without pneumothorax. the lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar opacities adjacent atelectasis. there is ill defined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures.
status post posterior spinal fusion. status post sternotomy. stable position of the cardiac and leads. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. the lungs are clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. spurring of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. lungs are clear. soft tissues and are unremarkable.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
there has been interval performance of cabg with multiple sternotomy surgical clips and cabg markers. all of the sternotomy are broken and a fragment at a sternotomy appears to within the left posterior pleural space. stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. no acute bony abnormality.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. sternotomy changes are again noted. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. irregular 12 cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on pa and lateral views and represents chronic scarring. she has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate. anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including thoracic vertebrae t6 thoracic vertebrae t8 thoracic vertebrae t11 and thoracic vertebrae t12.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size borderline enlarged mediastinal contours appear similar to the from noted. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
stable cardiomegaly. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. there is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
the heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax.
right middle lobe opacity is present. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis. degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. left lower lobe density representing atelectasis. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are well expanded and clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the cardiomediastinal contour is normal. no acute osseous lesions are identified.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the pleural spaces are clear.
there is mild cardiomegaly. aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous consistent with atherosclerotic disease. there are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. this may be secondary to edema or alternatively atypical infection. no large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. osteopenia of the spine is identified.
stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. small left pleural effusion. no focal lung consolidation. mildly low lung volumes.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. minimal blunting of the left costophrenic . no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are scoliotic changes of the thoracolumbar spine. there degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. there is right lower lobe scarring. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. granulomas present. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours
heart size is upper limits of normal and stable. they re multiple radiopaque densities overlying the patient. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spinal.
chest. a minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib the small amount of pleural fluid is deep to the fracture. no pleural air collection. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. right shoulder. soft tissues and alignment are normal. right humerus. and soft tissues are intact.
lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. numerous calcifications are again noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
heart size mildly enlarged with enlarged right atrium. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the patient is rotated. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace opacities. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
there are stable sternotomy . the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. probable pectus deformity. negative for acute bony abnormality.
redemonstration of azygos lobe. redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity similar in size from previous examination. dense appearing may be granulomatous. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. limited examination for evaluation of fractures. however no evidence for displaced rib fracture.
on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. i do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. ap view of the femur shows no femoral destructive process or other significant abnormality. for of the left hip shows near complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. no fracture or destructive process is identified. surgical markers were in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. pa and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. there may be some hyperinflation. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal in size. there are calcified mediastinal lymph . the skeletal structures appear normal.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size upper limits normal. vascularity normal.calcified breast implants obscure some detail. lungs are clear. vascular calcifications aorta. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. no focal opacity. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. biapical fibronodular thickening scarring. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size near top normal limits mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a focal area of scarring or atelectasis identified in the lingula. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
low lung volumes. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
cardiomegaly. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no evidence for mass lung apices. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are unremarkable.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissues are within normal limits. borderline enlargement of the heart. normal vascular markings. left basilar retrocardiac opacity. no pneumothorax.
vague increased opacity which appears to be within the left lower lobe. question of this could be developing or resolving pneumonia. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable normal size heart. atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size appears upper limits of normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise normal mediastinum. confluent and opacities seen within the left base. there are no visible nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. visualized bony structures are normal.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disease of multiple midthoracic vertebral bodies.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified ap lymph are seen. a small right sided pleural effusion versus thickening. right inferior rib deformities.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
there is mild blunting of the costophrenic . there is right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. the cardiac mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary are slightly prominent. calcified hilar lymph . no acute bony abnormalities.
there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. there is an embolization overlying left upper quadrant.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the spine.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
there is stable mild cardiac enlargement. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. heart size and shape are normal. trachea and bronchi appear normal. the lungs are reasonably well expanded. there and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung more marked on the right than the left. there is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening well seen in the left upper lobe. there is loss of definition of part of the left heart . no effusions no pneumothorax.
within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. in addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous ct scan from .
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal .
the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. density in the left lung base represents atelectasis or scarring. the heart and very are normal. pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips are identified in the left axilla. there is lucency involving the lateral aspect of the left clavicle. metastatic disease cannot be excluded.
heart size within normal limits. there is focal left lateral base airspace disease. there is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. there is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. this is not seen on the comparison. correlate clinically with history of fracture.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. sequela of prior granulomatous disease lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis. degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. there is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent is most calcified. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
the mediastinal and hilar lymph are less prominent than previously. heart size remains normal. lungs are clear.
left lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild medial right atelectasis. mild emphysema.
the central venous line has been removed. an inflammatory defibrillator is noted. the heart is enlarged. the patient is status post sternotomy. right pleural effusion is present and unchanged. no pneumothorax is seen. there has been clearing of the left base airspace disease. some continued right lung opacities are present which may represent areas of scarring.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact.
mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. tortuosity of the descending aorta. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull through are stable. bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. the lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic . there is no pneumothorax.
low lung volumes. normal heart size. the trachea is midline. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
chest. normal heart size. mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal infiltrates or masses. no pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. osseous structures unremarkable. abdomen there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. no air fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. no suspicious calcifications. there is curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the bony structures are normal.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. right lung is clear. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable opacity in the left base scarring or atelectasis. rounded calcified density in the left lung base calcified granuloma. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the spine.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
normal heart size. prominent contour of the ascending aorta consistent with ectasia. normal mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. stable mild hyperinflation right apical pleural parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact.
heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. emphysema.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
the lungs are clear. there are calcified left hilar lymph . the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at thoracic vertebrae t12 lumbar l1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities.
the lungs are clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear and mediastinal contours are normal. nodular density overlying the anterior left 4th rib represents a healing rib fracture.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. this is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.
in the interval consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. costophrenic blunted on the right. left lung clear. heart size normal.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. calcified right hilar lymph . there is focal contour abnormality of the level of the inferior posterior mediastinum may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. of the spine.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
there is a left base opacity. the right lung is grossly clear. heart size is normal. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. there is no pneumothorax.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
there is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
there is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one margin and the other ill defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the pa view. this is not definitely seen on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there are t spine osteophytes. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph there
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
feeding tube noted with tip distal to the gastroesophageal junction. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable.
in the interval the interval there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. the previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated possibly from splinting. the mediastinum remains normal. heart size normal.
consolidation and some atelectasis are present in the left lower lobe. patchy interstitial infiltrates are also present in the right lower lobe. bilateral costophrenic blunting is present. heart and pulmonary are normal.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. right chest tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. there is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right sided pleural effusion. vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe from prior study. these may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. the left lung appears grossly clear. drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. mild elevation right hemidiaphragm.
twoimages. calcified granuloma left upper lobe. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
calcified left lower lobe granuloma. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
chest. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. abdomen. no pneumoperitoneum. there is a normal bowel pattern. air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. no abnormally dilated small bowel loops. no evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. no pathologic calcifications over the abdomen or pelvis. are without fracture or destructive lesion though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this examination.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
there are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with cabg and stable mild cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. left costophrenic opacity may represent pleural or pericardial fat.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. the lungs now appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart is at the upper limits of normal size. lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified granuloma within the right lung base.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate is seen.
there is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. severe slightly smaller than is compared to . there is a small left pleural effusion. this is unchanged as compared to the prior study. there is a right chest wall venous which appears accessed. no pneumothorax. scaphoid abdomen.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic . no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. right greater than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen. the cardiac silhouette is prominent but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there is a deformity of the left clavicle compatible with remote .
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
normal heart size. stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumoperitoneum. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
twoimages. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is mild calcification of the aortic consistent with atherosclerosis. the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. moderate degenerative changes of the spine.
patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is noted.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
enlarged cardiac contour stable. calcified vasculature. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. no confluent consolidation pleural effusion or overt pulmonary edema. mild thoracic spondylosis.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. the lungs are normally aerated.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. there is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. there are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. there is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. left lung is clear. there is a small hiatal hernia. there is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. changes of prior cabg again noted. normal pulmonary vascularity. streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous possibly subsegmental atelectasis and or scar. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. redemonstrated severe lumbar l1 fracture. slight interval increase in loss of thoracic vertebrae t11 and there is mild to moderate anterior loss of thoracic vertebrae t10. degenerative changes of the spine. abdominal aortic stent.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. there are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest with overlying or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on ap view with correlate on lateral view. degenerative spine.
borderline cardiac enlargement. enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. emphysema. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild spondylosis.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. the largest is noted in the left lower lobe posteriorly measuring approximately 70 cm. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. probable dish of the thoracic spine.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the and soft tissue appear normal. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. the aortic is on the left. the trachea is well seen and appears normal. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion. lingular scarring or atelectasis noted.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient is obese.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear and hyperinflated. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. there are opacities in the right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification.
negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. negative for focal confluent airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. a few scattered calcified granulomas are identified.
normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis.
examination was performed with nipple markers. the previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well seen on today s study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are otherwise clear.
the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta unchanged. there is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on chest in . radiographically the findings are grossly stable.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. this could suggest emphysematous bullae. are grossly unremarkable.
stable cardiomegaly. sternotomy are intact. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcific density in the left mid to upper lung represents old granulomatous disease. no focal consolidation. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
there is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
lumbar and are low. no infiltrates. heart size normal. a large hiatal hernia is present. an age indeterminate fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal .
there is flattening of hemidiaphragms. there are prominent interstitial markings. there is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. the heart is of the first limits of normal size. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there is a cardiac generator identified with oneprojected over the right ventricle. stable moderate cardiomegaly is demonstrated. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size is within normal limits. 8 mm calcified granuloma in the right base. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion.
the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous examination are smaller and not definitely seen. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. there is a right chest with tip projecting over the lower svc.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. there is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the fissure most mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. the remaining lungs are clear. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. again noted is and left midlung airspace opacity atelectasis. there is left basilar opacity atelectasis as well. there is improved right midlung opacity. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. sternotomy are intact. extensive atherosclerotic disease.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is a opacity in the left lingula. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the cardiac contours are normal. calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. emphysema. mild apical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no displaced fracture identified.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the visualized are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine.
cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
there is a left chest with tip in the mid svc. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. no focal consolidation large pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size normal. unremarkable.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart . this was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. there is no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. biapical fibronodular pleural thickening scarring. there is a like deformity of the anterior cortex of the body lateral view . negative for retrosternal density. prior cholecystectomy. critical result notification documented through primordial.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. otherwise the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there are no masses seen. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. otherwise there is no focal opacity. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. no discrete projectile visualized. contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. contrast also probably within the left colon.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
there are mildly diminished lung volumes. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic . opacities in the left lung base atelectasis. the lateral view shows a left pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable bilateral apical pleural capping.
heart size is upper limits of normal for ap projection. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. the patient s chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted. the lungs are clear.
there may be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the right heart appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. otherwise no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. partial fusion of twovertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. no significant hilar process to suggest adenopathy. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. emphysema. bibasilar pleural scarring. no pneumothorax or effusion.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. the appearance scarring or atelectasis.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing right mid clavicle injury. visualized bony structures otherwise unremarkable.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs. cardiomegaly. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left basilar patchy opacities. small hiatal hernia.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. left hemidiaphragm is elevated.
no focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show arthritic changes.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. mild increased lung markings due to chronic changes. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated.
there are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
some hyperinflation appears to be present. there are small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart is normal. the mediastinum is normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
stable normal cardiac size and contour normal mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary . lungs clear no airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lungs are well inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are calcified mediastinal perihilar pulmonary nodules consistent with sequela of old granulomatous infection. no acute lung infiltrates. aortic appear unremarkable. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no bony abnormalities.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal predominantly left ventricular contour visualized on lateral projection pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change with interval improvement. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. small bilateral pleural effusions are seen.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a right lower lobe pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
the heart is large. pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates. aorta is somewhat tortuous. degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine.
lung volumes are decreased from and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. no evidence of focal airspace disease. no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. no free subdiaphragmatic air. grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. note is of an closure device which appears grossly appropriate the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
the heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. skin have been removed since prior study study. the left apical pneumothorax has resolved. there are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. the right lung is grossly clear.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no definite evidence of acute fracture.
there is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no cavitary lesions. are grossly unremarkable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. prominent right epicardial fat
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no consolidations. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. and soft tissues are unremarkable. lungs are hyperinflated.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcified mediastinal lymph with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. the lungs are well inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. there are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities are seen.
stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia tortuosity stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema. following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted.
low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified left hilar node.
heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips remain in . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified with stable appearance since examination. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. osteopenia. mild loss of of a mid thoracic vertebral body.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. cardiac pacemaker leads are within right atrium and ventricle. there is stable tube. lungs demonstrate left lower lobe of he states he may be atelectasis or pneumonia. there is small left sided effusion. no pneumothorax.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
mild cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. calcified hilar . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. soft tissues and showed unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is a cardiac with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. there are atherosclerotic calcifications.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion.
cardiomegaly. prominent are stable. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. minimal right costophrenic blunting. no focal infiltrates.
there are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. the bowel pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. there is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. the streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. no definite infectious infiltrate is seen. there is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. lungs are hyperlucent and hyperexpanded. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures visualized.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is mild calcification of the transverse . the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are noted.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. the pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. there are low lung volumes with opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis.
heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact.
there is bibasilar airspace disease. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. there is blunting of the right costophrenic unchanged scarring. no pneumothorax.
cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormality. stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since .
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an approximately 8 mm opacity overlying the sixth anterior rib. there are other scattered calcified granulomas. the osseous structures are intact. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart size is within normal limits. there is ectasia tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. calcified hilar lymph . irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe stable since and may represent mitral annular calcifications. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall.
cardiac silhouette within normal limits. central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no edema or focal consolidation in the lungs.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
chest. heart size normal. lungs clear. unremarkable. limited technique. right elbow and forearm. no acute fracture dislocation or joint effusion. soft tissues unremarkable. left ankle. soft tissue around ankle. there are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. ankle mortise intact. no acute fracture or dislocation.
the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. calcifications are seen within the aortic . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. stable calcified granuloma within the lingula. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified left hilar lymph . a calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. bony thorax is unremarkable.
stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. calcified granuloma noted in the right midlung. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. there is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. no definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized. there is age indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. these are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. no superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. scoliosis is present.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
stable appearance of the left axillary . no pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities seen only on the frontal atelectasis. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the are grossly intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the tracheostomy tube is in stable position. right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower svc. the left upper extremity picc tip is in the mid svc. surgical overlie the soft tissues of the neck. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
limited lateral projection. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. healed distal left clavicular fracture noted.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. left upper lobe granuloma. no evidence of active tuberculosis. stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic . no pneumothorax. the are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are well inflated and grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there is a a terminating in the superior . there are surgical clips in the left breast and axilla.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present.
there is a moderate layering left pleural effusion grossly stable. there is a moderate right pleural effusion which is partially loculated. there is some pleural fluid tracking along the right fissure. there is bibasilar airspace disease possibly passive atelectasis. no pneumothorax is identified. heart size is within normal limits. right picc tip is at the svc. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine.
crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region right lower lung zones. low lung volumes. no noncalcified pulmonary nodules seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no small heart size. there is a right diaphragmatic hump. the soft tissues seen in the left cardiophrenic could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. there is evidence of granulomatous disease.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate is seen.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a wedge shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. there is also patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. no acute bony abnormality.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous aorta. prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable retrocardiac airspace opacity.
heart size borderline enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart is mildly heart enlarged. mediastinal contour normal. there is mild diffuse interstitial prominence suggestive of edema. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. degenerative changes of the the spine.
given differences in patient rotation heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered deformities. stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
right jugular catheter present with tip overlying the lower svc. curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears external on the lateral projection. correlate clinically. normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. scar subsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal .
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there is calcification of the thoracic aorta.
no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury demonstrated.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal.
cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. interval worsening of the moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis with mild exaggeration of normal thoracic kyphosis.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact.
heart size is normal. the lungs and costophrenic are clear. the bony thorax is grossly intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is moderately enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. there is a icd generator obscuring the left lateral midlung with the leads projecting over the expected location of the right atrium right ventricle and coronary sinus.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right lung base granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion focal airspace consolidation.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is anterior fusion at the cervicothoracic junction.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatous tuberculous process. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left midlung. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. right chest tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. the lungs are grossly clear. no pneumothorax is seen. there are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures.
no acute osseous abnormality. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. stable prominent mediastinal contours. central vascular congestion. mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or lobar air space consolidation. right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study.
normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal.
the heart is enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. there is adjacent compressive atelectasis. the lungs are clear.
there is interval removal of gastric suction tube. otherwise lines and tubes are unchanged. tube has also been removed. there is no pneumothorax. there is interval decrease improvement of pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema with residual nodular opacity at the right lower lobe. no focal consolidation identified. heart and mediastinum are normal. no large effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
mediastinal contours are normal. no significant change in pneumothorax or right pleural fluid.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable. probable nerve stimulator noted.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
there is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
there is stable mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. stable mediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. scattered opacities in the right lung base representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with dish.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. innumerable bilateral nodules are identified most of which appear calcified on examination. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. lingular scarring and or atelectasis.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
borderline enlarged heart size. atherosclerosis of the aortic . calcified subcarinal lymph . left anterior chest wall pacemaker defibrillator. right apical fibronodular pleural scarring thickening. scattered interstitial densities without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t spine osteophytes.
tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia bochdalek .
stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring volume loss and pleural thickening. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance similar to prior. volume loss in the left lung stable. right lung is clear. there is no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild scarring at the right apex. no acute bony abnormality.
there your regular interstitial changes and possibly fibrosis in the left mid and lower lung zone and region of the right middle lobe. hyperinflation is present. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no evidence for pleural effusion. the heart is not enlarged. mediastinum is normal. there are arthritic changes of the spine.
chest. heart size is normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. there is a 13 mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. there are probably right hilar calcified lymph . lungs otherwise are clear. there is no pleural effusion. left ribs. no fracture or focal bony destruction.
there is a calcified granuloma left midlung. there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe rounded focal density. could be lung nodule.
the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is minimal atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures are demonstrated.
flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures unremarkable. no pneumothorax or effusion.
there is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. there is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung bilaterally. this is to be similar to scan. the heart is normal. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. there are stable anterior wedge deformities of twomidthoracic vertebral bodies.
threeimages. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable. stable moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. prior sternotomy and mediastinal surgery. right upper extremity picc terminates at the cavoatrial junction. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. large left upper quadrant splenic calcifications noted stable from prior.
chest the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. left knee there is no fracture dislocation. there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. there is no suprapatellar effusion. there is a .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart size is enlarged. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. calcification is seen within the aortic . interstitial opacities. there are no nodules or masses. stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. no visible pneumothorax. bilateral costophrenic blunting left worse than right. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. blunted left costophrenic . bony demineralization. degenerative changes of the spine. verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. upper abdominal surgical changes. chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. old right rib fractures.
no acute osseous abnormalities. left midlung and basilar streaky opacity. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no pneumothorax. small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. small hiatal hernia.
normal heart size. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. right ij central venous catheter tip in region of mid svc. there are twoaicd leads one tip in expected region of right atrium and one tip in expected region of right ventricle. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
there is a cardiac pacemaker. leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. the leads appear intact. there are left lower lobe opacities subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there are mild right apical opacities scarring. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are mild diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
artifact in the region of the central upper abdomen. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
stable cardiomegaly with left sided implanted icd. hilar pulmonary venous vasculature stable compared to prior examination. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusions identified. no acute osseous abnormality is identified.
twoimages. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. this appearance is overall not significantly . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
there is a moderate right sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 33 cm in the right apex. there is a minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. left lung is clear.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures are intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. pectus carinatum is noted. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion identified. stable blunting of the right costophrenic due to pleural thickening sclerosis. redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomas lymph . changes in the lungs consistent with copd emphysema. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior ct.
stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
the heart is mildly enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear.
there is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. this was not present on the recent prior study. there is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there is a prosthetic valve. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. underlying emphysematous changes are noted.
no acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. prominence of superior mediastinal superimposed structures. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild bibasilar atelectasis.
there are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. small areas of scarring are seen in the left base. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild nodular prominence of the right hilum without significant change. lung volumes are decreased with crowding. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
calcified granulomas are noted within the lung bases and stable compared with prior study. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. is minimal retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea similar to the previous examination. the left lung is well aerated without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. there is left apical pleural parenchymal scarring. no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. small t spine osteophytes. there is biapical pleural thickening unchanged from prior. mildly hyperexpanded lungs.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. there are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. evidence of chronic granulomatous disease.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right picc line is in . the tip has moved into the left innominate vein. there has been interval development of several ill defined focal opacities in the left and right mid lung zones. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. degenerative changes of the . tortuous aorta.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. there is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe most represents the svc with rotated position. are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous. aorta appears unchanged as compared to the study. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. there is an oblong density projecting over the anterior left 7th rib. appearance suggests an old rib fracture.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes within the spine.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is persistent stable appearing right apical scarring. there is persistent left basilar scarring. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
lung volumes are mildly low. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine no deformity.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic are excluded.
no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
there is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this appears from the prior study. the lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits.
the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
the heart is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar airspace opacities compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis ct. there is a left upper lung granuloma. otherwise no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. appear intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. there is mild increase in perihilar markings related to patient s history bronchitis. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. senescent changes of the spine are seen.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes of the spine are present.
there is a in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior . the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged similar to prior study. there is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are stable mild interstitial lung changes which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis.
a calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic . lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. no infiltrates in the lower lobes. heart size remains normal.
heart size normal. tortuous aorta. sequela primary granulomatous disease. lungs clear. minimal spurring in the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. there is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine similar to the prior study
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
lungs are free of infiltrates. however in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. the right lung is clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal. prior calcified granulomatous disease. on the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic there is a 21 x 2cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged.
lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are underinflated but given the underinflation the appear enlarged more than on the examination and . osteophytic degeneration kyphotic thoracic spine. mid and lower thoracic vertebroplasty has been performed. a right sided chest is present with its tip in the upper svc.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
normal heart size. clear lungs. multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction.
heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation. rotated position considering technical factors heart size within normal limits. no definite pleural effusion seen left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
rounded 14 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for pneumoperitoneum.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. the lungs are otherwise clear.
there is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. there is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. there appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. there is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen on lateral view. would be to evaluate this findings. as the small right sided pleural effusion is visible on both pa and lateral views. there is a left sided pleural effusion as well. the left lung appears grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary appear normal. there is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine.
heart size is within normal limits. emphysematous changes. focal pleural thickening in the left apex is scarring. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . there is no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance compared to the previous examinations.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. heart size is upper limit of normal. lung are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax. calcified lymph stable from prior examination.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
normal heart size. clear lungs. degenerative this disease within the spine. prosthetic right shoulder. possible body in the axillary recess of the left shoulder. degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. tracheostomy tube. probable mild cardiomegaly. prominence of the central vasculature unchanged. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the lungs are clear. there are multiple surgical seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is a screw in the right shoulder. the soft tissues are normal.
consolidation and costophrenic blunting persists in both lower lobes. heart and pulmonary remain normal. no infiltrates.
there has been interval placement of a dual lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. moderate cardiomegaly is identified. there is mild calcification of the transverse . airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is normal. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the central airway is midline and is . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no focal lung consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen. the osseous structures appear within normal limits.
there is a right chest with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is biapical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear.
this study is limited secondary to patient body habitus. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac contour is within normal limits. compared to prior examination there is prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. this may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus secondary to a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are atelectatic or scar. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there are scattered nodular opacities calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. there has been interval development of some bandlike opacities in left base. these appear to be located in the lingula. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg. there is stable mild cardiomegaly. there are scattered of subsegmental atelectasis decreased from the prior chest radiograph. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. degenerative changes in the midthoracic spine.
there is borderline cardiomegaly. mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
there are scattered opacities in the left lower lobe. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is prominence of the right and left hilum representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. the lungs are clear.
moderate cardiomegaly. prominent vascular pedicle upper mediastinal contour. mild central vascular congestion. no overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart is normal in size. there is right paratracheal density concerning for lymphadenopathy. there are patchy right upper lobe streaky opacities. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen consistent with gallstone.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. no effusions. multiple old right sided rib fractures again noted.
no stable cardiomegaly without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. tortuous ectatic aorta. the aortic is near 5 cm in diameter. there is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. there is biapical scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. spine spondylitic changes.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is hiatal hernia.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart size is within normal limits. mild prominence of the mediastinum. bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. are intact.
the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
there is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. this is not identified in the lateral view which is limited by rotation. no evidence for effusion.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity due to discoid atelectasis and or scarring. there are emphysematous changes particularly within the right upper lobe. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. otherwise no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. multiple filled loops of bowel are present. gastrostomy is noted.
previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatory infectious process. lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. and soft tissue are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
stable obscuration of the left cardiac representing left pleural thickening. stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. are unremarkable.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
there is widening of the mediastinum. there is moderate cardiomegaly identified. the central pulmonary appear enlarged. correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal infiltrate. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung.
minimal right sided perihilar atelectasis. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
there are broken 1st and 3rd . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. left sided aortic . central airways are . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size upper limits of normal. small amount of left basilar airspace disease. the right lung is clear. there are no cavitary lesions seen. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
there are sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips secondary to a cabg procedure. small t spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are cholecystectomy clips. there is eventration of right hemidiaphragm.
picc line catheter tip in the right atrium. heart is not enlarged. trachea and bronchi appear normal. lungs are mildly under expanded. no pneumothorax. there are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung . there is a larger area of patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right sided pleural effusion.
redemonstration of interstitial opacities consistent with patient s history of pulmonary fibrosis. unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum and in the pretracheal region. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact.
the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are opacities in the lingula subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities are identified.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. lungs are clear without focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left basilar airspace opacity secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. dish of the thoracic spine is noted. otherwise visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. stable postsurgical changes of the lower cervical spine.
heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
normal cardiac contours. clear lung bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis. degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture visualized.
normal heart size. clear lungs without pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there is again significant thoracolumbar rotatory scoliosis. the aorta is atherosclerotic. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. there is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted.
there is mild hyperinflation. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. cardiac generator overlies the left upper thorax with tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. large hiatal hernia is present. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. vascular calcification is noted. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
right sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. no definite residual pneumothorax. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes. no large pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air.
heart size is normal. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact.
the heart is normal in size. mild fullness of the left hilum small interval change from prior examination. lucencies throughout the chest representing emphysematous change. scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax. large hiatal hernia increased from prior examination.
portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette central airways pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t spine osteophytes.
please
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been improvement in the previously identified right midlung zone airspace disease. minimal residual opacities remain which may represent small areas of scarring. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion is identified. implantable defibrillator is noted. calcified granuloma is present in the left base.
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no active acute cardiopulmonary disease.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
there is redemonstration of an aicd with the left chest wall with stable intact placement. surgical cervical is redemonstrated. cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. opacity in the left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. no visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is an old healed fracture through the right 8th rib.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. mild biapical scarring is identified. there is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on of . however additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with atelectasis. the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. there is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. thoracic spondylosis is again seen.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. postsurgical changes include left chest pacemaker icd with tips over the right atrium and right ventricle sternotomy and graft markers and upper anterior mediastinal surgical clips. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. specifically no evidence of pneumonia. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. pulmonary vascularity normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine.
heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal opacity in the lung bases. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no radiodense foreign bodies noted. no acute osseous findings.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. apical irregularities also present on the previous examination suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion consolidation or pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. heart size normal.
the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. patchy airspace disease is present in the right middle lobe. degenerative changes are present spine.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
there are low lung volumes. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic seen on lateral view. in addition there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. this may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
the lungs are hyperexpanded with increased ap diameter of the chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
chest. the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left and right . osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. the right glenohumeral joint is normal but the left is narrowed. no fractures or bone destruction.
low lung volumes are noted. allowing for technical factors the heart size is normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity consistent with pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the are unremarkable.
cardiomegaly is present. the upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted.
patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
there is a healing fracture involving the left posterolateral 7th rib. there is deformity of the 8th vertebral body. these bony lesions may be secondary to the patient s known multiple myeloma. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. the aorta is tortuous and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. the pulmonary vascularity is normal. there residual to prior granulomatous infection. lungs are otherwise clear. degenerative change of the spine.
postsurgical changes of the right chest. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. large hiatal hernia.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacity.
there is a 22 x 14 mm calcified nodule in the left lower lobe. a moderate hiatal hernia is present. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. the thoracic aorta is unfolded and tortuous. no pneumothorax. there are surgical clips overlying the neck. there are scattered calcified granulomas.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule seen in the left upper lung possibly granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear.
trachea is midline. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
heart size appears enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. prior cholecystectomy
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
calcified granulomas are present. there is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. this is approximately 12 cm in diameter. it may be secondary to overlapping structures. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is normal. calcifications of the aortic are seen. the skeletal structures are unremarkable. there has been a left mastectomy.
there are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. for example there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule seen on the frontal view. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the left hilar contour is prominent. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate stable mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the spine noted.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. heart size normal. calcified right hilar are present
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation.
no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. there is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified.
the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. there are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen from cholecystectomy. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. the lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison and within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small calcified left upper lung granuloma is noted. the lungs are clear.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette allowing for an ap projection. normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. grossly clear lungs. no obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. no acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures.
an aicd is seen within the left chest wall with stable intact placement. multiple surgical clips are seen within the upper midabdomen. the heart size is normal. calcifications are seen within the aortic . otherwise the mediastinum appears unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
right central venous line has been removed. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. the appearance scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine possibly positional.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. ill defined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. this is increased since the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. mild deformity is noted in the mid thoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. the lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. large cervical spine osteophytes.
heart size within normal limits. prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison. there is a 1 cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic increased since comparison examination. a cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is stable irregularity of the posterior left 6th rib which represents an old fracture.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. increased opacities on lateral projection reflect bronchovascular crowding. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. scar in the right lateral midlung. adjacent focal pleural thickening is noted. chronic blunting of both lateral costophrenic . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. tortuous ectatic thoracic aorta unchanged. sternotomy intact.
there is stable prominence of the pulmonary interstitium. and fluid containing density seen adjacent to the heart is stable most consistent with a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there is stable tortuosity and or ectasia of the thoracic aorta with calcification of the aortic . no pleural effusion focal airspace disease or pneumothorax. stable exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine stable anterior wedge deformities of at twothoracic vertebral bodies at the apex of the kyphotic curvature. diffuse osteopenia.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted.
stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph . lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
heart mediastinum bony structures are unremarkable. possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
stable scoliosis . the lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. opacities in right mid lung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. osteopenia with mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine is noted.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. costophrenic are blunted corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. there is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. the right upper extremity picc tip is in the upper svc. surgical clips in the right upper abdomen.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left pleural effusion is present. a mass density is present in the left midlung zone. this measures approximately 32 cm in diameter. air fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia. some of right lung atelectasis are noted. osteopenia and deformities are present in the spine. multiple surgical clips are noted. no pneumothorax is seen.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion.
twoimages. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. right lung is clear. granulomatous disease in the bilateral. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the heart is upper limits of normal in size. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable .
the heart is large. lung volumes are . opacity persists in the right midlung. no focal infiltrates.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal airspace opacity in the right middle lobe atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic . there are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is unfolded. there is left base streaky opacity due to scarring or discoid atelectasis. there is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. there are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus posterior right 9th rib and the anterior thoracic vertebrae t10 vertebral body. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. compared with prior examination there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. there is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. there is no focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen. postsurgical biopsy changes overlying the right breast.
normal cardiac size. normal pulmonary vasculature. no airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. negative for acute osseous deformity. the thoracic spine has a normal appearance.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal. there are calcifications of the aortic . the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. picc line is in . the tip is in the upper right atrium.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. small focal retrocardiac lung opacity.
there is interstitial thickening bilaterally more prominent in the bases. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is hyperexpansion. no infiltrates. two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. small calcified granuloma stable from prior examination.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are grossly clear.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. scattered calcified granulomas. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and shape. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. there is left sided central line with a lumen. poly vasculature is within normal limits. mediastinum is normal. bibasilar opacity left greater than right is appreciated. no pneumothorax.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is a calcified density in the left mid lung most a calcified granuloma. lungs are otherwise clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. specifically there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures show no acute abnormalities.
the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules are identified.
there is stable cardiomegaly. right pleural effusion is slightly increased in size. pulmonary vasculature is persistently enlarged. prominent interstitium is stable. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures intact.
no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
there are diffuse increased interstitial markings suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung . the fibrosis appears to slightly increased compared to previous examination in . the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t spine osteophytes.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. no active pneumonia. bony structures are intact.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no focal consolidation or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
compared to prior examination there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally with improved bilateral airspace opacities. currently there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung which may represent mild residual airspace disease atelectasis or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. no large focal consolidations pneumothorax or definite pleural effusions identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. no acute osseous abnormality is identified.
there is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. there is a small left pleural effusion. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a slight deformity of the lower thoracic body which is age indeterminate.
lungs are clear. there is minimal atelectasis in the left base. no effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. visualized osseous structures intact.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
sternotomy are intact and unchanged position from prior examination. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
there is mild opacification over both secondary to soft tissue attenuation. there are no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. right chest tip is visualized in the distal svc. there is no pneumothorax. the right cardiac margin is partially obscured and may be secondary to overlying cardiophrenic fat. the lungs are otherwise clear.
low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart normal heart size. negative for consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. lung volumes are low normal. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
stable marked cardiomegaly. cardiac generator projects over the left mid hemithorax with a terminating in the right ventricle. no focal airspace disease. mild central pulmonary vascular congestion. the heart has the same configuration as seen previously with a pericardial effusion on an abdominal ct in .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are hyperexpanded. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
left lung clear. questioned some vague right lower lobe opacity on the frontal film. subsegmental atelectasis or scar seen on lateral view. cardiac silhouette borderline in size within lv contour. sulci. unremarkable.
the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. there are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable.
cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. opacities reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. a has its tip at the caval atrial junction.
heart size moderately enlarged stable mediastinal contours. lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. diaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
apparent scarring within the lingula. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. hyperexpanded lungs. right perihilar midlung density. streaky bibasilar opacities as well. left upper lobe nodular opacity anterior first rib interspace may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. grossly similar midthoracic vertebral fracture.
cardiomegaly is present. this is unchanged. there is mild prominence of the pulmonary vascularity which is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral and lung parenchyma. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
bilateral pleural effusions left small right moderate in size abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins stable mediastinal contours.
stable appearance of previous sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly. stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. no evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone there has been development of a small lung nodule. this measures approximately 8 mm in diameter.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. soft tissues are within normal limits. normal heart size. stable elevation right hemidiaphragm compared to examination on . bilateral hilar lymph . no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax. bibasilar atelectasis.
opacities with elevated right hemidiaphragm and low lung volumes. negative for effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomegaly stable. left chest aicd leads in the right atrium and right ventricle unchanged.
lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in .
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. there are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. there degenerative changes of the spine. there is an ivc identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is enlarged. the aorta is unfolded. otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette stable mediastinal contours. increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases right greater than left. opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous examination suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. no definite pleural effusion seen.
normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
there is a large airspace opacity in the right lower and middle lobes. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. mild bibasilar opacities atelectasis. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
there is stable scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. the heart size is near the upper limits of normal. mediastinal silhouette is normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. t spine osteophytes are noted.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs clear. heart size normal. stable severe lumbar l1 deformity.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
heart size within normal limits. right paratracheal prominence represents tortuous . lung volumes. mild streaky bibasilar opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
chest. lung volumes are low but no focal infiltrates are present. heart and mediastinum remain normal. abdomen. multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. formed stool is present in the rectum.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
there is stable cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. defibrillator is in stable position. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no focal airspace disease.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is within normal limits. tortuous thoracic aorta. there is patchy right base airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. clear lung bilaterally.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. thoracic spondylosis.
no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. calcified left hilar .
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted. no adenopathy is seen.
there is a right picc with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. no overt pulmonary edema. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. no large pleural effusion. the right hemidiaphragm is elevated. no pneumothorax is identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. bilateral surgical clips are noted.
there is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. mildly low lung volumes. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
status post posterior spinal fusion with stable appearance of the orthopedic . pectus carinatum. stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. clear lungs.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is ill defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. there is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar and or granulomatous calcification. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. atherosclerosis of the aortic . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t spine osteophytes.
there has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy . the heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. the lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are grossly normal.
bibasilar airspace opacities right greater than left. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. interstitium is prominent. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is spine spondylosis.
again noted and is blunting of the right pleural space a effusion or scarring. opacity in the right lung base also appears unchanged scarring. heart size appears normal improved from prior study. there is no vascular congestion or edema. there s no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination. there are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. otherwise the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable right lower lung granuloma. interval to right clavicle procedure. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic on the frontal view. there is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac . airspace disease in expected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to no pleural effusion. left lung clear. degenerative changes spine. no pneumothorax.
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable.
there is a left sided cardiac defibrillator. leads overlie the right atrium right ventricle and left lateral coronary vein. the leads appear intact. heart size is within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there are persistent mild bibasilar interstitial opacities. there is left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left lung base. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. scattered granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
stable cardiomegaly. calcified tortuous aorta. no focal air space disease. stable chronic lung changes. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. diffuse degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. there is no pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
prominent interstitial markings. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
low lung volumes. heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart normal. left knee. no change marked narrowing large osteophyte formation multiple synovial osteochondromas.
heart size upper normal but stable. mediastinal contours within normal limits. minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly prominent perihilar opacities due to bronchovascular crowding. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is . the bony structures appear intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no definite pleural effusion consolidation or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasia tortuosity. left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications indicate a previous granulomatous process. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
aorta is ectatic. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. age indeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra.
the lungs appear clear. lung volumes are low. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. there is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph.
the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity demonstrated on the lateral study. there is a fracture of superior sternotomy unchanged.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis. sternotomy . aortic calcifications. mild interstitial edema. no focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax. mild cardiomegaly.
the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. right base densities are again noted which appear improved. previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. there continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. an air fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. no definite pneumothorax is seen.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal suggests possible right versus dextrocardia. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacities. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. prior granulomatous disease.
twoimages. there is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. otherwise the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal. critical result notification documented through primordial.
diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. no focal consolidation pleural effusion pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the shoulder. soft tissues are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. no pleural effusion is seen. there is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated.
heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. the trachea and pulmonary bronchi are unremarkable.
left picc line remains in . the tip projects over the upper svc. it has moved outward since the previous study. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. there is blunting of the right costophrenic which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no hyperexpansion of the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. no definite pneumothorax. no displaced fracture. small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat represents projectile fragment.
mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. bilateral interstitial prominence. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormalities.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present.
stable appearance of hiatal hernia. clear right lung .in the left superior lower lobe there is a 19 x 18 cm round area of density which has increased in size compared to prior chest radiograph and recommend a chest abdomen and pelvis with contrast as this area is suspicious for potential malignancy. normal cardiac contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there is mild cardiomegaly. the aorta is tortuous. there is opacities noted in the right lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no displaced rib fractures. if there is high clinical concern consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no definite visualized rib fractures.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph and scattered calcified granulomas. stable degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size upper limits of normal. pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. this could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. this is similar to prior imaging.
hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
mild cardiomegaly. hypoinflation of the lungs. right basilar opacity may represent atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. sclerosis of the humeral bilateral from prior avn. sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process. heart size within normal limits bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. there is minimal right sided pleural effusion. heart silhouette is not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph . there is no pneumothorax
normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. prior granulomatous disease.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits for technique no mediastinal widening seen. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. dextroscoliosis noted.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures.
the lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present which are to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. calcified granuloma is present in the left lung.
the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
a lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear.
cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
normal heart. clear lungs. stable calcified granuloma left midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. midline trachea.
heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
pa and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic and mild aortic ectasia. emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. blunting of the costophrenic and secondary to scarring emphysematous changes. no evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
hyperaerated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms. normal heart size. increased retrosternal airspace. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart size is within normal limits. mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. an accessory azygos fissure is noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. there is dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine.
and lateral views of the chest were . the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
there is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic on the right greater than left with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. right perihilar opacities. no pneumothorax identified.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
sternotomy are present. patient has cardiac valve replacement. atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. no focal infiltrate. heart size is normal. stable ectatic aorta. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there is a stable deformity of thoracic vertebrae t7. however there is loss of vertebral body at thoracic vertebrae t9 compared thorax from .
lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. there is a discrete 14 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact. right unilateral nipple ring.
the examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. frontal view is lordotic in projection. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. marrow pneumothorax focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions.
both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. incidental note of bilateral breast implants.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. the left hilar calcified lymph appear stable. there is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule representing a granuloma. the lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally.
ribs are intact with no fractures or bone destruction. both lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum are normal.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. exaggerated kyphosis.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms compatible with emphysema. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
normal heart size. there is a round density in the ap . study performed in is not available for review at this time. lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
hyperexpanded lungs suggesting obstructive lung disease. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is not enlarged. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. nodular densities projecting over the posterior 9th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
sternotomy remain in . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. the lungs are well aerated. there is minimal patchy and air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis.
there is a small area scarring lateral right mid to lower lung zone. no focal consolidation is identified. no cavitary lesions are seen. there is no pleural effusion. mediport catheter seen in the mid svc. the patient has a tracheostomy. the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum unremarkable. no change in the mediastinal surgical clips.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the there are opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung which are most dependent atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
mediastinal contours are normal. unchanged opacity in the left lung base scarring. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. granulomas are seen within the right lung. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
clear lungs. normal heart mediastinum. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. nipple ring on left.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
stable including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. subcarinal calcified lymph . lung volumes. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
the heart is significantly enlarged. prominent pulmonary vascularity. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the lungs are clear. there appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not grossly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic deformity that is not well characterized. arthritic changes are seen.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
right costophrenic is blunted. in the left lower lobe a patchy infiltrate is present. the pulmonary are normal.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal normal width. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. scarring or atelectasis right midlung.
there are t spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. there is tortuosity the thoracic aorta. there is evidence of prior granulomatous disease. chronic interstitial markings represents the sequela of emphysema. there is scarring in the lingula. there is no focal airspace consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the left chest wall pacemaker device with dual intracardiac leads is again noted.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextrocurvature the spine.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior examinations with sternotomy and surgical clips overlying. there is blunting of the right costophrenic which appears unchanged from prior examination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening of the right lung base. there is no evidence of acute infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomegaly is noted. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. there is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification.
fourimages. there is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. at the right lung apex there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 13 cm. this could indicate cavitation. left sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
right lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the left and right remain enlarged and unchanged. lungs are free of infiltrates. heart size normal.
there is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. there is no evidence of aspiration. a 30 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. no moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. opacities in the lung bases. there are fragments overlying the posterior left chest right neck base and fragments in the left costophrenic . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
twoimages. calcified granuloma right lung base. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
left noted with tip approximating the high svc stable. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous examination most suggestive of artifacts healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted.
heart size mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. normal pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. elevated right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. there is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
there is an irregular opacity projecting over the left apex. additionally there is a more inferior left upper lobe opacity measuring approximately 6 mm in diameter. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
lung volumes are low. no infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural air collections. sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. heart size normal.
there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is hyperinflation. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies.
minimal opacities at the posterior sulci. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. otherwise the lungs are clear with granulomas and sulci. heart size upper normal thin lv contour.unfolded calcified aorta. t spine small osteophytes.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a small stable foreign body noted over the left chest. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma right midlung. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. there is tortuosity and or ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. no consolidative airspace opacities. blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural parenchymal scarring. no demonstrable pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable with changes of sternotomy and bypass graft. aorta is atherosclerotic. there are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild left sided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. the right lung is clear. there is no pleural effusion.
apparent cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. streaky left retrocardiac densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size remains slightly large. aorta remains tortuous. pulmonary remain normal. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs.
bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable left . no evidence of pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. right sided aortic . normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. there is right basal patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. right apical calcified granuloma noted.
bilateral calcified granulomas stable compared to prior examination without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear.
there is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. there are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis airspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior examination. no pneumothorax. heart size upper limits of normal. the left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower svc. the feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the of view.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs appear clear. the thoracic aorta remains tortuous. the presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study . a there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. the pleural spaces are clear.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild curvature thoracolumbar junction.
normal cardiac contour. stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. clear lungs bilaterally.
heart is large. pulmonary are engorged. bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic blunting are present.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. pleural spaces are clear. soft tissue previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. there is left hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. questionable small right midlung nodule. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. diffuse bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection. no pulmonary vascular congestion. no edema. no focal consolidation. there is no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body approximately thoracic vertebrae t11 level.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no cavitations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable mild heart enlargement.prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. it is increased from most recent prior examination on . however it appears similar compared to exams performed in . no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. focal opacity in the left upper lobe represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. degenerative changes are noted in the spine. the descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. the mediastinum appears somewhat prominent.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiac contours are normal. atherosclerotic aorta. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. mild aortic tortuosity. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. stable aortic tortuosity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stent visualized in the right upper quadrant biliary stent.
stable heart size. diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. no acute bony abnormalities.
borderline heart size. the lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization.
two views of chest was obtained in ap projection. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is evidence of cabg.
the heart size is mildly enlarged. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours right chest tip in the low svc. monitoring device artifacts. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
there is hyperinflation of the lungs. a small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic region. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
low lung volumes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the cardiac silhouette is enlarged and has a globular appearance. mild bibasilar dependent atelectasis. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. spinal stimulator is in with tip overlying the thoracic vertebrae t9 vertebral body.
the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum is noted. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma are noted. vascular calcification is noted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. there is lingular airspace disease. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size is normal lungs are clear. no edema or effusions.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
there is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases seen only on the lateral view. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
rotated examination. tortuous aorta. moderate right sided pleural effusion small left sided. no pneumothorax. mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs right greater than left. cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture transverse with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. no cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. large hiatal hernia.
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. aorta is calcified and tortuous compatible with atherosclerotic disease. since the prior study there s been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. the right lung is clear.
examination limited by patient rotation. mild rightward deviation of the trachea. stable cardiomegaly. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. there is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
stable cardiomegaly with vascular prominence without overt edema. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
low lung volumes. stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. stable right upper mediastinal bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax. stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung.
heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base secondary to a skin fold. no acute bony findings.
heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. lung volumes remain low. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no layering pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen on decubitus examination.
normal heart size. the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the trachea is midline and .
cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the previously seen right sided picc has been removed. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
normal cardiac contour. right sided pleural effusion. clear left lung . no pneumothorax.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is a cardiac . there are sternotomy and bypass markers. there is a hiatal hernia. the aorta is tortuous.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and mediastinum are stable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal air is prominent consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. this is age indeterminate.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib secondary to old rib fracture. there are no gross acute bony findings.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion intact without complicating features. there is stable cardiomegaly with persistent bibasilar opacities atelectasis and or infiltrate. no focal consolidations pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute osseous abnormality.
the heart size and cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the obstruction are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
cardio mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. mildly low lung volumes. no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
there are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no overt pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
calcified left hilar lymph from prior granulomatous disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax pneumomediastinum or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact. prominent rib cartilage of the anterior lower ribs seen on lateral view.
mediastinal contours are normal. opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. no displacement of the or fissure. no pneumothorax.
there are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the cardiomediastinal contours are stable. there are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right sided loculation. biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. there is again right sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward deviation. no acute infiltrate is appreciated.
the cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. mid sternotomy again noted. mildly low lung volumes. no significant pulmonary edema focal lung consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen.
normal cardiac contour. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. clear lungs bilaterally.
the lungs are relatively clear with sulci. heart size normal in lv contour. slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. t spine unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. there is bihilar prominence. the lungs are clear.
the heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the are normal in appearance.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. a right humeral intramedullary is noted incidentally without evidence of complicating features.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are opacities in the left subsegmental atelectasis or scar. otherwise the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. umbilical piercing.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
left sided medication injection has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. the trachea is midline. extensive bilateral bronchiectasis cystic changes and scarring represents sequela from the patient s cystic fibrosis. no evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. no large pneumothorax has developed in the interim. the overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. the heart size is normal.
unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is mildly enlarged. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. pulmonary artery prominence.
heart mediastinum bony structures and lung are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with hypoventilatory changes. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. no acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is normal. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes with no significant airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
the heart is upper limits of normal in size. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. granulomas. small sized heart. minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. unremarkable.
cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
rotated apical lordotic frontal projection mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. accounting for technical factors heart size within normal limits heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within limits. postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant. the lungs are clear bilaterally. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. anchors over the left humeral head. there is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance.
midline sternotomy identified. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. osseous structures are grossly intact.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasia tortuosity. stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. healed left rib fractures again noted.
normal cardiac contour. clear lung bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative seen throughout cervical spine.
there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right. there is no pneumothorax. mediastinal silhouette normal. calcified left hilar lymph .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. the lungs are otherwise clear. prior anterior cervical fusion.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. there are low lung volumes on the frontal view which accentuates heart size and lung markings. the heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. mediastinum normal width. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is left lung base atelectasis on frontal secondary to low volumes. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
the heart is normal in size. mild convexity of right mediastinal contour superimposed vasculature aortic tortuosity. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen.
frontal on two cassettes and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic vascular calcification. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal .
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact.
mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left subclavian central catheter tip in distal svc. no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal lung consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. there is no obvious displaced rib fracture. if there is concern for fracture consider rib series.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no focal consolidation. there are prominent interstitial markings including focally in right upper lobe which are similar from prior examination. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there are no pleural effusions.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable.
the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion. postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine.
cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for ap technique. lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
right subclavian catheter distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle the level of the subclavian vein. low lung volumes. no pleural effusion. left lower lobe airspace disease atelectasis. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. there is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
there is a 15 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. opacities representing surgical clips in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart is enlarged. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the left breast. the lungs are clear.
heart is mildly enlarged but stable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the patient is status post valve replacement. sternotomy intact. no focal airspace disease or effusion. residuals of prior granulomatous infection. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. sternotomy noted. inferior sternotomy is disrupted.
lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact.
hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. there is no pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the lungs are hyperexpanded. there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung large emphysematous . there are biapical opacities scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there is interval improvement in the right lower lobe airspace disease. there is mild air space opacity in that distribution. no airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. patchy right lower lobe airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
stable position of right central venous catheter. interval removal of nasogastric tube. heart size is normal. persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic . calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. coronary artery stent.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma is identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
there is a left chest wall cardiac generator with twoleads one projecting over the right atrium and one projecting over the right . the heart is near top normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there is dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. multiple thoracic deformities appear unchanged. there is no displaced rib fracture identified. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. stable changes of chronic lung disease with flattening of the left hemidiaphragm. there is mild right basilar airspace disease which may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate.
pacemaker generator overlying the left chest in stable position with twoleads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle in stable position. stable sternotomy . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. minimal fluid within the right horizontal fissure.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the heart is enlarged stable compared to the previous examination. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no evidence of airspace opacity. no effusion or noncalcified nodules. no evidence of pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. there are increased bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality. there are opacities atelectasis versus airspace disease. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. pulmonary are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. multiple punctate round over the abdomen on the lateral view. these may reside within or outside of the patient.
right basal airspace opacity. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
heart size is normal. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
mild cardiomegaly. changes of chronic lung disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. accentuated thoracic kyphosis.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. aortic calcification. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable.
chest. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size is normal. no focal thoracic bony findings. hand. there is also cortical and trabecular irregularity through the of the scaphoid. there is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular .
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. patchy right lower lung opacification is noted.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mildly enlarged heart. tortuous aorta. aortic calcifications. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the are unremarkable.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change calcified aorticopulmonary node.
cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. bibasilar atelectasis infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left chest with associated central venous catheter tip overlying the cavoatrial junction.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal air space disease. prominent hilar . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no obvious lytic or destructive lesion. no displaced rib fracture is evident.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. stable calcification in the left upper lobe representing a granuloma. no focal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. stable right lung base scarring.
there is abnormal separation of the right . this is age indeterminate. corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote . the cardia mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema . there is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
patient is rotated. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms greater on the right. this is identified on a thoracic study from as well. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate.
stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
twoimages. heart size upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. the patient is mildly rotated. there is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 20 cm. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. left chest is clear. no definite displaced bony injury is seen. results called . pm .
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
there is increasing primarily basilar interstitial reticular opacity. lung volumes are low. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest lobar pneumonia. heart size appears normal. the thoracic aorta is calcified. since the prior study there has been placement of an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall the distal leads overlying the right heart. there s no pneumothorax.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. surgical clips are present in the abdomen.
soft tissue neck. the airway is . no laryngeal edema. laryngeal intact. cervical spine intact. chest. the heart is large. diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. bilateral costophrenic blunting is present.
lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
there is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. the lungs are chronically hypoinflated. there is visualization of the hemidiaphragms which may be due to basilar airspace disease atelectasis. evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. overall the appearance is similar to the prior study from . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
normal heart size mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic . the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. note is of calcifications in the aortic . the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is calcification of the chondral portions of the ribs.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
stable normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. the lungs remain grossly clear aside from mild biapical pleural peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. there is denser lumbar scoliosis.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
normal heart size. diffuse bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. heart is not enlarged. are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the lung zones are clear. there are no bony abnormalities
there is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with questionable increased right basilar airspace opacities. the left lung is clear. heart size normal. unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. there is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations. no acute bony abnormality. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable .
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity pneumothorax or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.
chest comparison there is a 26 cm diameter masslike density over the lingula partial obscuration left cardiac . there may be some ill defined opacity in the right mid and lower lung zone. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is borderline enlarged. the aorta is dilated and tortuous. arthritic changes of the spine are present. pelvis and left hip there is an impacted and rotated fracture through the neck of the femur on the left. no pelvic fracture is seen. arthritic changes are present in the lower lumbar spine. large amount of stool and obscures portions of the pelvis. femur the femoral images do not the area of the hip fracture. the remaining portions of the femur appear to be intact with no fracture or destructive process. extensive atherosclerotic vascular disease throughout the superficial femoral artery is present. left knee there is osteoporosis and mild arthritic changes. no fracture is seen. no dislocation is identified. severe atherosclerotic changes of the superficial femoral and popliteal artery are seen.
the mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy . the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of effusion infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the study. there is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pulmonary edema.
irregularity within the right apex is consistent with patient s known cavitary lesion as a sequela of prior tuberculosis. no evidence of active infection. no focal consolidations pneumothorax or effusions identified. paramediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits and no acute bony abnormality is identified.
there has been interval development of a large right sided pleural effusion. the left lung is clear. there is no pneumothorax. heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits. deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture.
no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
heart size is mildly enlarged. there are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
fracture deformity proximal right humerus. hyperinflation lungs. no pulmonary consolidation. opacity left base compatible atelectasis or scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. prior chest surgery. costophrenic clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment.
normal heart size mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. scattered calcified granuloma. degenerative changes the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. there is right upper lobe airspace disease. there is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately 7 mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this examination. there is minimal left basilar opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear.
lung volumes are . opacities are present in the angulate. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. clear left lung .
the lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no focal lung consolidation. no pleural effusion. no definite pneumothorax. heart is not enlarged. postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and .
normal heart and mediastinum. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. radiopaque foreign body overlying left chest.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. numerous bilateral rib deformities. no focal airspace disease. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or effusion. large flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. these may represent on end or alternatively calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine with osteophyte formation bridging.
spinal stimulator in . lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis.
sternotomy and numerous mediastinal clips appear stable in position. there is aortic atherosclerotic calcification. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. stable widening of the upper mediastinum. stable cardiomegaly. prominent mitral annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. appear intact.
the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. there is no evidence of pneumonia. the heart pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the lung volumes are low. there is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an 8 mm nodule identified within the left lateral midlung partially overlying the posterior left 7th rib. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart is borderline in size. the aorta is mildly tortuous. right ij catheter is in with tip in proximal right atrium cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. lungs are grossly clear. there is no large effusion.
heart size is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no effusions or pneumothorax.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are scattered bilateral opacities most notably in the right middle lobe of subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax is identified. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. there is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. pneumonia seen on ct examination dated not seen on prior chest is not seen either on chest .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. ureteral stents are noted on the right.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
focal opacity in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view. no definite pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. a calcified granuloma is redemonstrated in the right middle lobe. the thoracic spine appears intact.
consolidation atelectasis and costophrenic blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. a persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. no infiltrates. heart is slightly large. pulmonary are normal. aorta remains tortuous.
there are sternotomy identified. the heart is within normal limits in size. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone on bone articulation remodeling of the glenoid and extensive subchondral cystic change. no displaced rib fractures are visualized. diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic deformities age indeterminate. there is an air fluid level in the middle mediastinum most secondary to a large hiatal hernia.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral breast prostheses are noted.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is a 25 cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. there is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted with obscuration of aortic contour. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. surgical is noted in the right upper quadrant. subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally right lateral upper abdomen and left chest.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma. remaining lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. removal of twoleft sided chest tubes. there is no pneumothorax. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is minimal posterior pleural effusions.
the patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. no infiltrates. heart size remains large. tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. a right central line has its tip at the superior .
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. there are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes.
chronic increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate. bilateral apical pleural thickening. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. stable heart size. marked degenerative change of the status post remote right humerus fracture. deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body also chronic.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are calcifications projecting of the left midlung unchanged from prior this is is sequela of prior granulomatous disease. there are small t spine osteophytes.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. in the left lung base there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is a airspace opacity in the left upper lung. heart size within normal limits. mild calcification of the aortic . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is tortuosity of the aorta compatible with atherosclerosis. low lung volumes. minimal opacities within the lung bases subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
a left sided hemodialysis catheter is in with its distal tip at the right atrium. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
there are scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right humeral internal fixation is noted.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
pa and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mediastinal contour. calcified hilar lymph . visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. been sternotomy noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
there are prominent epicardial fat pads unchanged from prior. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is atherosclerosis of the aortic . unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci represent chronic scarring or atelectasis.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. there is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is a hiatal hernia.
degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. low lung volumes.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
low lung volumes. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. are grossly unremarkable.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
stable normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. stable prominent ovoid opacity 43 x 28 a large left upper lobe reflecting a superimposed aspergilloma as more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from . no areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. streaky bibasilar opacities atelectasis. vague opacity in the right midlung. scattered calcified granulomas. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. there is mild diaphragm eventration.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior examination. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. sternotomy are again noted. there is a large amount of distending the stomach which incidentally was also seen on prior examination of threeyears ago. there is no pneumothorax.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no focal lung consolidation. a density overlying the left costophrenic is due to overlying soft tissues. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there has been interval cabg. surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury demonstrated.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
there is stable thick biapical scarring pleural thickening. there is patchy airspace disease in the right upper lobe along the fissure. the lungs are hyperexpanded with copd. increasing large left pleural effusion with increased airspace opacity in the left lung base. there has been interval increase in size of a 49 cm masslike opacity in the periphery of the left lung base which is not definitely identified on the lateral . sternotomy mediastinal clips and prosthetic heart valve appear unchanged. no pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. there are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
there is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. opacity in the left subsegmental atelectasis. cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality.
heart size is normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
the cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. there is no evidence of apical disease. are unchanged from previous examination and appear normal. thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. there are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung some of which are centrally lucent. negative for bony abnormality.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. pectus deformity is noted. left ij dual lumen catheter is visualized without pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. deformity of the right clavicle related to remote is again seen. visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is mild enlarged. central pulmonary vascularity is again accentuated. there are also mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pleural effusion.
lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. there is an ill defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. this may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study without coronal and sagittal reformats. there is mild scarring and or atelectasis in the lung bases. lungs otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there is generalized osteopenia.
the left lung is grossly clear. the right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. opacities are seen within the aerated right lung subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. no acute osseous abnormality. cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations.
the heart is normal in size. stable appearance of coronary stent. sternotomy changes are present. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is mild haziness in the right lung and left base which could represent infiltrate. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. stable deformity of a midthoracic vertebra.
mild cardiomegaly. small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no airspace consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
the postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. there are sternotomy and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. there is at one left sided coronary artery stent. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is at the upper limits of normal in size. there is patchy opacification in the right upper and left lower lobes. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. atherosclerotic aortic calcifications noted. stent overlying the right upper quadrant represents prior tipss procedure. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. right middle lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged. heart and mediastinum unchanged. no change hiatus hernia.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
there is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified left hilar lymph . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region.
the lungs are clear. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are sclerotic lesions within the better visualized on the comparison scan. there are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. the appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph.
heart size and vascularity normal. lungs clear. no effusions or pneumothorax. limited degenerative change of the spine
the cardio mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. no pneumothorax. no pneumonia. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes mid thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine.
patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. no significant effusion. clear right lung. normal heart size. granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. right chest tip at svc.
there are left upper lobe opacities. lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is as is within normal limits.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. thoracic spondylosis.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
cardiac silhouette within normal limits. no edema or airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. there is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view suggestive of small hiatal hernia. visualized osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen.
diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
in the interval consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. also anterior segment opacity is present. right lung remains clear. heart size is normal.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volumes. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is asymmetric opacity to left suprahilar chest. no discrete correlate is seen on lateral view. findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. there is severe kyphotic deformity of the chest involving prior fractures of thoracic vertebral bodies and the sternum. there are multiple fractures identified involving upper thoracic vertebral bodies and a single upper lumbar vertebral body. the patient is status post vertebroplasty at multiple levels. the pleural spaces appear clear. there is right sided chest the distal tip in the upper right atrium. mediastinal contours appear normal.
stable appearance of the esophagogastric tube and left picc. stable tubing overlying the midabdomen. persistent patchy retrocardiac airspace opacity atelectasis. severe stable scoliotic changes of the spine.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. again seen is paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment.
chest. the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. soft tissue neck. there is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. there is no prevertebral soft tissue . the epiglottis is within normal limits. there is a 3 mm x 1mm density identified on the lateral examination only possibly within one of the piriform sinuses.
apparent cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right base calcified granuloma. stable right infrahilar nodular density lateral view . negative for acute bone abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. there is some tortuosity of the aorta. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. the right pneumothorax is not appreciated. pneumomediastinum is also less perceptible. there is a mid right clavicle comminuted fracture. there are lateral mid right rib deformities perhaps due to fractures as well.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are well inflated and clear. there is an 8 mm nodule in the left lower lobe calcified granuloma. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change.
no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are . opacities are present in the right costophrenic . no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly. multiple scattered round calcific densities represent old granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal consolidation. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is a opacity projecting over the left midlung posterior on the lateral view. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size top normal. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
clear lungs. no infiltrates or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
there is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
there is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. in addition there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is streaky opacity within the left lung base representing atelectasis. otherwise the lungs are clear. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is hyperinflation of the lungs.
the heart is mildly enlarged. lung volumes are low. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. there is no free air under the diaphragm. there is a mild amount of seen in the transverse colon.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. normal heart size. tortuous and dilated aorta. chronic interstitial markings. left base opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
there is minimal scarring within the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant.
heart mediastinum bony structures and lung are unremarkable.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patient s history. the lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. pelvis. there are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. nonobstructive bowel pattern. no pathologic calcifications. hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. no fractures or dislocations.
cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are scattered calcified testes bilaterally consistent with prior granulomatous infection stable. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lower lung volumes on the ap projection. heart size is upper limits of normal pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. implantable cardiac are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the expected location of the mitral valve . sternotomy noted.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes thoracic spine.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
twoimages. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there are findings status post sternotomy and cabg. atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. there is blunting of the left costophrenic . no pneumothorax.
stable mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact. right humeral head bone anchor.
there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. there is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. there is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. a hiatal hernia is present that is unchanged from the prior study. are grossly unremarkable.
heart size is upper limits of normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are a few scattered calcified granulomas. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. however there is a 17 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. scattered calcified granulomas also seen. heart size is upper limit normal. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissues are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. calcific aorta. stable bilateral calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. findings are accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm however cardiomegaly or less pericardial effusion is suspected. the lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patient appears morbidly obese.
the heart is enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is a nerve stimulator device projecting over the left hemithorax. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
large left lower lobe opacity is present. there does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. there is no pneumothorax. the cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. the mediastinal contours are unremarkable.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. a lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view possibly consistent with a tortuous ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
minimal left costophrenic airspace disease and or pleural effusion. lungs are otherwise clear. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. there is tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
right thorax volume loss with some degree of left to right mediastinal shift. relative hyperlucency of left lung compensatory hyperinflation. diminutive right hilar silhouette compatible with absence of right pulmonary artery as noted on prior ct. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures are in alignment without fracture.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. left sided chest is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number compared to prior study. the dominant nodule mass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. there is no pleural effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal airspace consolidation. there is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
heart size appears within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette representing a hiatal hernia. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limbus vertebra noted within the partial visualized lumbar vertebral body.
the lungs are clear. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. the heart is normal. there are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph . the skeletal structures show some senescent changes.
the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are stable scattered bilateral opacities most notable in the left upper lobe scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute osseous abnormality. stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size and contour. scattered calcifications are noted compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is a vague 16 cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is mild cardiomegaly. the transverse is calcified. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is slight elevation of left hemidiaphragm with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
kub. centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the of which measure up to about 37 cm in diameter. there is also an extremely dilated in the same region which measures 59 cm in diameter. there is extensive soft tissue pannus. prior abdominal surgery. chest. there is left basilar opacity. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are no large pleural effusions. there is thickening of the fissure.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
heart size normal. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. a bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. and scattered calcified granulomas. left greater than right basilar opacity probable atelectasis and or scarring. no pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. left base density. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the left hilum is retracted superiorly. in the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. additionally pleural thickening is present in the left apex. no infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. heart size is normal. these findings are similar to the previous outside examination.
lungs are clear. heart is normal size. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. costophrenic are . there is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. within the heart there is a small area of oval shaped density measuring 22 x 16 cm without correction for magnification. there is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. no pneumothorax.
the lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. there appears to the contrast within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pleural effusion is seen. no pneumothorax is identified. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. right a has been inserted since the previous study. the tip projects over the lower superior .
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and vascularity normal. mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a single cardiac projecting over the right ventricle. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
moderate cardiomegaly. mild bilateral costophrenic blunting and fissural thickening interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. heart size is mildly enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation of the to be grossly intact
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right apical pleural retraction. hyperexpansion flattening of diaphragms and increased ap diameter consistent with history of copd. degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified right hilar lymph noted.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear.
normal heart size. density surrounding superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular osseous common pleural structures. no focal airspace consolidation. moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
moderate bilateral interstitial edema with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. a large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy chronic fungal. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. old right sided rib fracture is noted.
opacities projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on pa view are artifactual. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. stable chronic coarse interstitial markings without focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the are grossly intact. right cervical rib.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. large bilateral hilar calcified lymph granulomas. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules. bony structures are intact.
there are no focal airspace opacities within the lungs. there is a 1 cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be present on the prior . to the pulmonary interstitium is not clear making it the vasculature somewhat indistinct in the mid and lower lungs. this may reflect parenchymal nodules. nodules were identified on the prior chest ct. mediastinal contours appear grossly normal. there are small calcified left hilar lymph . the heart and pulmonary otherwise appear normal. pleural spaces appear clear.
there is a right ij central venous catheter with tip overlying the inferior svc. cardiac silhouette is normal size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is a small right pleural effusion. otherwise lungs are without focal airspace disease.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are several age indeterminate left sided rib fractures noted. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. there basilar calcified granulomas. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multiple small calcified bilateral hilar nodules sequela of prior granulomatous disease. radiopaque contrast from recent esophagram projects over the left upper abdomen.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. there is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable since at and postsurgical post traumatic in . left shoulder rotator bone anchor noted. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 45 x 68 cm increased in size compared to prior study most compatible with neoplasm. otherwise the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
the heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal contour is normal. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. trachea is midline. the lungs otherwise clear. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
stable postsurgical changes. heart mediastinum and lung are unremarkable. stable calcified small granuloma in left base.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart mediastinum bony structures and lung are unremarkable.
postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. these t contours appear normal. there is a fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. this vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. the age of this fracture is unknown. there are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. there is a healed left clavicle fracture.
there is moderate cardiomegaly. there are bilateral interstitial opacities increased since the previous examination. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are bilateral breast prostheses.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable.
stable left sided icd and postsurgical changes consistent with prior cabg. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
size is normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. there is a vague opacity in the right infrahilar region. there is also a 5 mm well circumscribed nodule in the right upper lung . it is not well visualized on lateral view.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. suspected artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. normal .
a right internal jugular this catheter has been exchanged for a large left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. no acute bone findings. stable cardiomegaly.
cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal air space consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. changes of prior right mastectomy.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
diffuse right greater than left interstitial opacities. central vascular congestion. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no pleural effusion. heart size normal.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. pulmonary are within normal limits. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base.
heart and mediastinum are normal. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures are intact.
hyperexpanded lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen.
normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. grossly clear lungs without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of displaced rib fractures. normal thoracic vertebral body .
the heart size is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. stable bilateral calcified granulomas lymph . a bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall stable compared to prior examination.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine.
there is a pacemaker left chest wall with stable intact placement. heart size is enlarged. calcifications are seen within the aortic . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there is a left basilar and retrocardiac opacity. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a right chest with central venous catheter tip overlying the high svc. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the similar to the prior study. there are multiple reticular nodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. there is no evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is identified.
in the interval a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition on the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prominent pericardial fat is again noted. there is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. the are unremarkable.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia tortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous examination possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta identified. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart. trachea is midline.
chest. the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. there is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. abdomen. there is a normal bowel pattern. there is an ivc identified. there are phleboliths in pelvis. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. aorta is tortuous and calcified compatible with atherosclerosis. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. severe degenerative changes of both . the medial lung apices are obscured by the patient s mandible.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral prominent lung vascularity medially unchanged.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is again biapical scarring. small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. the aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. there is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. there are severe degenerative changes of the .
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. there is no focal airspace consolidation. there is no visible pneumothorax. the left costophrenic sulcus is blunted. however no retrocardiac pleural fluid collection is seen on the lateral view. the right acromioclavicular joint is mildly widened with respect to the left. this is and may be due to left osteoarthritis or a remote right mild .
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
both lungs remain clear and expanded. no focal parenchymal infiltrates or pleural air collections. heart and aorta are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia. pelvis. bone density is decreased. hips are normal and symmetric. no fractures dislocations or bone destruction. note of a severe rotatory dextroscoliosis in the lumbar spine.
the heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. there is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
there is a left sided picc with tip at the caval atrial junction. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest ct. stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs.
the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with upper lobe areas of lung lucency suggesting obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. no superimposed focal airspace consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal.
mediastinum is stable. retrocardiac lucency represents a large hiatal hernia unchanged from prior. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. stable thoracic deformity.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. acromioclavicular arthritis is present severe.
icd tip remains in the right ventricle. stable calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. pacemaker leads are within the right atrium and ventricle. lungs demonstrate there is right lower lobe airspace disease and small effusion suspicious for pneumonia. left lung is clear. there is no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. left sided picc line has been placed in the interval with tip in the innominate vein.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. limited lateral view given overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
increased interstitial opacities non specific. question edema or atypical infection
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. stable s shaped scoliosis. cardiac is intact.
the heart size is moderately enlarged. there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. sternotomy are grossly intact. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. the fissure is convex upward. there is right base patchy airspace opacity. this appears chronic and may be due to scarring. there is no significant pleural effusion.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. aortic calcifications and tortuosity. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild prominence left hilar contour. bony structures are intact.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. there are severe arthritic changes of the with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine.
in the interval the heart size has become normal. pulmonary are normal. lungs are clear and expanded.
low lung volumes bilaterally. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. normal cardiac contour. no focal consolidation. lungs clear bilaterally.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph are demonstrated in the left hilum. no focal pulmonary consolidation. diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings consistent with the patient s history of known pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there are threecardiac pacing leads in stable position. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the right lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. scattered bilateral granulomas. patchy left basal airspace opacity. bilateral small effusions.
normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there is a moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. airspace opacity at the superior segment of the right lower lobe. no visualized pneumothorax. the right lateral heart is obscured. the left lung is clear without focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. the cardiac generator overlies left upper thorax with tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles.
heart size and vascularity normal. external contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung . lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
lung lines remain low. however no focal infiltrates are identified. heart and pulmonary are normal.
lung volumes are low. bibasilar consolidation and bilateral costophrenic blunting are present. heart size normal. pulmonary normal. shunt tubing traverses the entire image from top to .
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there low lung volumes. there is pulmonary vascular congestion and indistinctness. bibasilar airspace disease is also present. probable left pleural effusion. no evidence of pneumothorax. cardiac silhouette is upper lungs are normally accentuated due to low lung volumes.
in the interval bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and pulmonary venous engorgement have resolved. heart size is now normal. no infiltrates.
heart size within normal limits. prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy previously partially demonstrated abdomen and pelvis . negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. tips noted.
cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are normal limits. increased interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there are acute mild anterior deformities identified at lumbar l1 lumbar l2. there is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of lumbar l1. a ct of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation.
broken of the similar to the prior study. stable multiple surgical clips in the left hilar area. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. unremarkable bony structure.
no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate secondary to soft tissue overlay. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury demonstrated.
no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. borderline cardiomegaly. minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma is present in the right base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. in the lateral right base is identified an ill defined somewhat oblong opacity. this was not present on the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior examination. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lung volumes remain . opacities are present in both lower lobes. old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. heart and pulmonary are normal.
the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there are calcifications in the aortic . there is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
normal heart size. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. prior granulomatous disease appears stable.
there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
intact sternotomy and cabg markers. calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. t spine degenerative changes.
similar mild cardiomegaly. of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. no focal consolidations or effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
the aortic is mildly tortuous. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t spine osteophytes. large body habitus.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. the right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. there is an the right base fluid level. the left lung is clear.
limited examination as the left costophrenic is excluded from the pa view. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. mild lung hyperinflation. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. no visible acute fracture. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart is again enlarged. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. the lungs are well inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no radiopaque foreign bodies are present.
chest stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. hyperlucent apices. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. healed remote left 9th rib fracture. right shoulder negative for fracture or dislocation.
the trachea is midline. the cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. no evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. low lung volumes atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view. this is also well seen on lateral view. remainder of the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base may indicate focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
lateral view over the lingula there is a 7 mm diameter uncalcified nodule of uncertain origin. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette left infraclavicular cardiac generator right atrial and right ventricular leads. mild bilateral costophrenic blunting left greater than right interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. fluid noted in small bowel and stomach.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the parenchymal scar in the left lower lobe is unchanged in the interval. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and mediastinum are normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there is a hiatal hernia. right chest tip projects over the upper svc. stable granulomatous disease. lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
overall low lung volumes with mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease. this most represents atelectasis given the low lung volumes. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. no pleural effusion is identified.
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. right chest wall surgical have been removed. there is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis.
the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax unremarkable.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
there is hyperinflation lungs. there appears to be fibrosis or central pulmonary vascular congestion more pronounced on the left in the right. heart is mildly enlarged. there no pleural effusions. cardiac pacemaker seen. the skeletal structures show senescent changes.
low lung volumes. question patchy opacity left base. no pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. small right effusion.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right a remains in .
normal heart size. normal mediastinal contour. no pneumothorax airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no chest . no acute bony abnormality.
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. there is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
atrial septal occluder artifact. rotated frontal position overall heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema. densities in the left base small focal opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic . biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. no pneumothorax seen.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are noted. the lungs are clear.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
calcified lymph in both . amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
no the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t spine osteophytes.
the lungs appear clear. scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph . the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear.
the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are intact.
lungs are hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
left sided icd is stable in position. sternotomy. there is stable cardiac enlargement. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. calcified right hilar granuloma and right pulmonary granuloma. normal pulmonary vascularity. no overt pulmonary edema.
no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
stable left lower lung increased interstitial markings. no focal alveolar opacities. low lung volumes. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a large hiatal hernia is noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. there is incompletely evaluated lumbar levoscoliosis.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
left sided dual cardiac in stable position. the heart is of normal size. interval decrease and left basilar opacity. increase in opacities in the right lung base. no pneumothorax or large effusion. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. calcification of the thoracic aorta.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. stable calcified granuloma in the left lung.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. calcified left hilar lymph granulomas. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. old fracture right mid clavicle.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild right basilar atelectasis and relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there has been apparent interval increase in low density convexity at the left cardiophrenic . calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. there is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. there are advanced degenerative changes in the bilaterally. there is a 38 mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic 1a margins.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. remote left clavicle fracture.
cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the patient is rotated to left. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. lucency along the left ventricular related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. patchy right perihilar upper lobe opacities which abut the fissure on lateral projection. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. no definite acute bone abnormality.
the heart size is stable. the aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. sternotomy are again noted. the scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior examination. there are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. the calcified granulomas are stable.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is a left chest with tip projecting over the lower svc. there is deformity within the midthoracic spine.
normal cardiac contour. clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute displaced rib fractures.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
the heart size is normal. there is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. lungs are clear bilaterally. thoracic spine shows anterior osteophyte formation.
lungs are . opacities are present in the left lung base. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right chest wall surgical clips compatible with prior lumpectomy. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is stable mild deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. emphysematous changes are identified. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
normal heart size mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic . there is a bullet fragment overlying the left thoracic vertebrae t7 vertebra. retained bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient s arm on the lateral view. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. are chronic coarse interstitial lung markings. peripheral opacity along the right mid lung reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. hyperlucent lungs with apical . negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
in the interval consolidations have developed in the left upper lobe and both lower lobes. heart size remains slightly large. pulmonary normal.
the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable. small calcified lymph are seen. dual left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position. the right hemidiaphragm is again elevated. there are streaky areas of atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen.
heart size borderline enlarged. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. low lung volumes. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. minimal blunting of the costophrenic . no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
there is hyperexpansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. contrast retained within the renal collecting .
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. small calcified lymph are seen. the lungs are clear.
there is a sevennodular density at the left lung base. lungs are otherwise clear. the ct scan without iv contrast could be performed for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
clear lungs. normal heart. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. old right rib fractures.
the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary are normal.
mild cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
mildly low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size moderately enlarged stable mediastinal contours. opacity in the left lung base. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the right middle lobe.
stable borderline cardiomegaly stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are is somewhat low. both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary nodules visualized.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. azygos lobe is noted. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes noted in the spine.
the heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from . the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening suggesting mild pulmonary edema. there is no focal airspace disease pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. partially visualized orif involving the left proximal humerus. deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote . no displaced rib fractures on this chest examination.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. upper thorax is poorly visualized due to patient s overlying head and chin. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. background of mild coarse interstitial opacities seen throughout the lungs related to background of emphysema. calcified granuloma is seen in the left medial lung base. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. deformity of the right 6th rib laterally has appearance of acute or subacute fracture. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are again seen.
lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
calcified mediastinal . no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. right lower lung opacity represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
mild cardiomegaly. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is deformity of thoracic vertebrae t12 and lumbar l1 unchanged abdomen . aortic calcifications are noted. fracture of right proximal humerus incompletely evaluated.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. no pleural effusion is seen.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. no acute pulmonary findings. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is normal. calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph are seen. the skeletal structures are normal.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. a patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. heart size is normal.
sternotomy mediastinal clips noted. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is deformity of thoracic vertebrae t6 since thoracic spine . mild deformity of thoracic vertebrae t12 stable. prior cholecystectomy.
the heart is normal in size. prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately 46 cm x 37 cm. there is mild surrounding airspace disease and or atelectasis. no pleural effusions noted. the visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact.
there is diffuse right sided airspace disease with dense consolidation in the right base. a right upper extremity picc is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm. no pneumothorax or large effusions. heart size within normal limits.
heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. bony structures appear intact.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. calcified right hilar lymph . heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. sternotomy and prosthetic aortic valve noted.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. old left rib fractures.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
borderline enlarged heart. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen.
the lungs appear clear. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the pleural spaces are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax.
hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits the typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine dextrocurvature noted.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
overall low lung lines. there is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. in the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. degenerative changes in the spine.
lordotic projection and large body habitus. limited mediastinal evaluation. severe cardiomegaly. no visualized pneumothorax. no large effusion or airspace disease. no fracture.
there is mild cardiomegaly. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease either atelectasis or infiltrate. no pneumothorax.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissue is unremarkable.
the heart is mildly enlarged. left hemidiaphragm is elevated. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. the mediastinum is unremarkable.
there is scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications are present. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. prior cholecystectomy.
cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion. osseous structures within normal limits.
heart size is normal. mild atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
chest. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. ankle. soft tissue is present around the malleoli. intact. mortise radiographically stable.
mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid svc. the lungs appear to be clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are present. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the trachea is midline. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact.
three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
minimal right to left cardiomediastinal shift. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a moderate sized right pneumothorax. this measures 32 cm at the level the right apex.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. left sided aortic . pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. central airways are . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structure are grossly unremarkable.
low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. are grossly intact.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. unchanged multiple foreign bodies overlying the left clavicle and midline in the posterior soft tissues. the bony thorax is grossly intact.
the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity large effusion or pneumothorax. the are grossly intact. interval removal of right picc. persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.
stable normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe concerning for underlying pneumonia. stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes.
heart size is mildly enlarged but stable. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
calcified granulomata are present in the right middle lobe and right upper lobe. these are unchanged since the previous examination. both lungs are free of active infiltrates. heart size normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours coronary artery stent artifact and clips suggest cabg. mediastinal and hilar calcifications indicate a previous granulomatous process. stable hyperinflation bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities right greater than left opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. no abnormal pulmonary opacities no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. osseous demineralization stable appearance of thoracic vertebrae t9 and thoracic vertebrae t12 fractures.
single view of chest was obtained in ap projection. limited study secondary to body habitus. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. bilateral calcified hilar perihilar lymph . left lateral lung calcified granuloma. lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality.
heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly is present. there is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of b lines. there is no pneumothorax. there is an oval 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. there is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. there is a posterior effusion. normal mediastinal silhouette. t spine osteophytes.
two nodules are noted in the right measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large appears to be within the left lower lobe. no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. however if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. appearance suggest atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. multiple granulomas. no acute bony abnormalities.
streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. right lung is grossly clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are surgical clips in the right axilla region.
there is some minimal biapical scarring. a calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. calcific density in the right lung apex compatible with calcified granuloma.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
this is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. some blunting of the left costophrenic represent scarring or atelectasis. no large pneumothorax or effusion. there are no acute osseous abnormalities.
heart and mediastinal contour normal. pulmonary vascularity normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute osseous abnormalities. mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. soft tissues are within normal limits. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size normal. mediastinum unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. lungs symmetrically aerated without focal infiltrate or consolidation. multiple scattered calcified granulomas are present bilaterally. no focal volume loss evident. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax unremarkable.
there has been previous aortic valve replacement. heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. the skeletal structures are normal. the soft tissues are normal.
redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis unchanged from last examination. lungs are otherwise clear. no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. there is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung stable in appearance from of . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no suspicion bony destruction identified.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. stable cardiomegaly and features of cabg. interval removal of left picc line no pneumothorax.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is enlarged heart silhouette. decreased lung volumes. lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the bilateral .
negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion. minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease. the visualized bony structures are intact. there are minimal degenerative disc changes of the mid lower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax related to superimposed soft tissues. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. heart size upper limit of normal. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size is upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left.
normal heart size. bibasilar patchy opacities left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. no significant pulmonary edema. low lung volumes. exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. multiple bilateral rib fractures some of which appear old. interval deformity of the vertebral body the level of the two vertebroplasty .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size is enlarged but stable. stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. stable sternotomy with fracture of the superior most sternotomy . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. old left rib fractures.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
two view chest. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. right foot. hindfoot midfoot forefoot are intact with no fractures or bone destruction.
there extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. stable foreign body over the left breast nipple piercing . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. there is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph . the bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. no acute bony abnormality identified.
there is moderate cardiomegaly. no interstitial edema or pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
the outside is normal except for slight cardiomegaly.
heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. there is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. no focal air space consolidations are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approximately thoracic vertebrae t12.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys from prior examination.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone there is identified a 15 cm nodule. this appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty.
there are t spine osteophytes. there calcified costochondral cartilages. there is loss of disc of a midthoracic vertebral body. there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax. the heart is borderline enlarged.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an interim cervical spinal fusion partly evaluated.
the heart is within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an ap portable technique. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. lungs are grossly clear. postsurgical changes from cabg are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are visualized.
heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are slightly on the low side. lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal consolidations. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. the appearance is unchanged. there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. these are also unchanged. no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted.
cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry correlate clinically. otherwise lungs are clear. no large pleural effusion no pneumothorax.
there is an marked interval increase in heart size. the heart also demonstrates the configuration compatible with pericardial effusion. a small right pleural effusion the present. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax large pleural effusion.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable .
opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse compared to prior study. lung volumes are low. heart size and pulmonary are normal. there no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the patient is status post sternotomy. there calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
prominent interstitial markings. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. normal heart size. catheter tubing present in the upper midabdomen. there is bilateral acromioclavicular degenerative joint disease right greater than left.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal opacities. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there is deformities involving multiple vertebral bodies of the thoracic spine which appear stable compared to the previous examination.
hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms consistent with emphysema. there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild bilateral costophrenic blunting represents pleural thickening and scarring. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
frontal and lateral views. the cardiac silhouette is on the upper limits normal for size. interstitial opacities are persistent at both lung bases. calcified granulomas are also identified. compared to the previous ct scan there has been no significant interval change. no developing airspace opacity or pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
lungs are clear. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
heart size within normal limits. stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. mild blunting of the costophrenic bilaterally.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart is large and the pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. there is chronic pleural parenchymal scarring within the lung bases. no lobar consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a ap duct is calcified lymph node. the aorta is unfolded. cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. low lung volumes due to exaggerated kyphosis. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. spine spondylosis.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified left suprahilar . the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
both lungs are clear and expanded. an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vp shunt tubing is identified. the bony structures as visualized appear unremarkable.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. there is a small right pleural effusion. there is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. small left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
there is increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
the lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size normal. no mass or focal opacities seen. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
cardiac pacemaker is present the leads are unchanged. the heart is borderline enlarged. i believe the lungs are clear. the mediastinum is normal. the skeletal structures are normal for age.
low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidations pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no pneumothorax.
the heart size is enlarged. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
there is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and density on the frontal image. the lungs are clear. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size. aortic calcification. granulomatous nodule left midlung stable. no acute pulmonary abnormalities. thoracic spondylosis.
mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been sternotomy. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
heart mediastinum bony structures and lung are unremarkable. stable small calcified granuloma left base. no acute findings opacities infiltrates noted.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the lateral view is degraded by patient motion. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. soft tissues unremarkable
no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. normal heart size. elevated right hemidiaphragm with a nodular soft tissue contour containing liver. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. there is neurostimulator overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. no evidence of pneumothorax. generalized lung volumes. no definite pleural effusions. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated with scarring in the left lung base. there is no focal consolidation or significant effusion.
there are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. there is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. deviation towards the left. right lung is hyperexpanded. the right lung is clear. heart size and vascularity within normal limits.
twoimages. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
three images submitted. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph . the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
borderline heart size. worsening central vascular congestion interstitial edema. small volume bilateral posterior recess pleural effusions. elevated diaphragms.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. acromioclavicular joint degenerative change.
there is a left sided biventricular pacemaker. leads overlie the right ventricle and a lateral cardiac vein. the leads appear intact. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are mild diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities pulmonary edema. there are opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view. no large pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view. no pneumothorax is identified.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. thoracic aorta is tortuous. patient is status post sternotomy. surgical clips are present in the left axilla. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is a mild anterior wedge deformity of lumbar l1 age indeterminate.
right paratracheal stripe is denser and than normal. the are normal. heart size normal. lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. a calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. calcified lymph are identified in left hilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is again mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are stable. changes of sternotomy and valvuloplasty are noted. left subclavian icd is unchanged in position. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic suggesting small bilateral pleural effusions.
there is increased size of left pneumothorax with partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. this pneumothorax measures up to 35 cm in maximum width at the apex. there is no significant mediastinal shift. the right lung remains clear. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is a small left pleural effusion hemothorax. no focal air space opacities. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
there are intact midline sternotomy and postsurgical changes of prior cabg. the aorta is unfolded. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
a strandy infiltrate has developed in the left lower lobe. right lung is clear. heart size remains normal.
the heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. there are degenerative changes within the bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size is on the upper limits of normal. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. again seen is evidence of prior cabg. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. right and left pleural effusions. there is right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. b lines seen at the lung bases. no consolidation or pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left upper extremity pic catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle within the subclavian vein. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. deformity of the lateral left 6th rib old injury.
there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 12 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph . the pleural spaces are clear.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no non calcified nodules are identified.
heart size moderately enlarged. mild left costophrenic blunting. streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities left greater than right. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the lungs focal airspace consolidation. there is atelectasis of the left lung base. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. cervical vertebral is partially visible at the top of the radiographs.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is no pneumothorax. there is no pleural effusion. there is redemonstration of right rib deformities from old . of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. mild left sided volume loss redemonstrated unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. some scattered opacities are present whose appearance scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion is noted. no pneumothorax is identified. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. there has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left a is in . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex. on a previous outside scan the right upper lobe was consolidated. comparison to the from that examination shows this opacity to have decreased. no films were available however for direct comparison.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild degenerative changes are present within the spine.
heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal contour is normal without mediastinal widening. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal .
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
lung volumes remain . opacity is present in the right middle lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion consolidation or pneumothorax.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there is a subtle left medial base opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormality.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. low left paraspinal retrocrural adenopathy is present. this appears unchanged.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures intact.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. no focal lung consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. clear lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild age indeterminate anterior wedging of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra on lateral view. left sided rib deformities consistent with old fractures. mild degenerative changes about the thoracolumbar junction.
postop changes of cabg with mild cardiomegaly. there is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. thoracic spondylosis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. streaky perihilar opacities. peribronchial cuffing also noted. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal .
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization.
status post midline sternotomy with intact . stable mild cardiomegaly. normal lung vascularity. the lungs are clear.
the cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary venous congestion. there is prominence of the pulmonary arteries right greater than left. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary are normal.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. low lung volumes on the ap view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. scattered calcified granulomas noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta unchanged
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lung volumes are low. the heart is large and the pulmonary are engorged. bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present. bilateral costophrenic blunting is present.
the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. scarring is noted in the lingula. the lungs are clear.
no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact.
the lungs appear clear. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph . this was seen well on prior . there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. calcified granuloma right base. normal .
chest. there is no change in the strandy scarring in the right apex. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine. disc spaces are old narrow and large osteophytes present on the vertebral bodies worst at lumbar l2 lumbar l3. elements from lumbar l4 through s1 are sclerotic. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. calcific aortic disease is present.
no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. catheter tubing overlies the left upper quadrant appearance of the lateral projection suggest prior gastric banding procedure.
chest the heart is enlarged. there may be a pericardial effusion. no definite pulmonary edema is seen. lungs appear clear. there is no pleural effusion. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. kub single view of the abdomen was obtained. the bowel pattern is nonspecific. there is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. no large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. the skeletal structures appear normal.
evaluation is limited by body habitus and ap technique. enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and film. stable heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. cardiac generator leads over the right atrium and right ventricle. two bilateral pleural effusions.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
mild hyperinflation. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. morgagni hernia stable. lungs are expanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t spine osteophytes.
lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. aorta is mildly tortuous. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes in the spine.
stable appearance bipolar dual cardiac pacemaker overlying the left hemithorax. no interval change in position. cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits. lungs are well aerated. no areas of parenchymal consolidation or pleural effusion.
there is stable cavity in the right apex related to prior tuberculosis infection. there is increased opacity in the left upper lobe peripherally. there is pulmonary hyperexpansion. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. these appear similar to the patient s previous chest ct and are the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. the mediastinal contours are stable.
the heart is not enlarged. the bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. the lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lung are clear without evidence of effusion infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact. visualized soft tissues appear normal.
the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. negative for effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusion is seen.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note of placement of a retention in the lower cervical spine.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size slightly upper normal. atherosclerotic calcifications within the aorta. lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified lymph .
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. fracture dislocation of the right shoulder. bone demineralization. scoliosis which is possibly positional.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart size is persistently enlarged. lung volumes are low. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the heart is within normal limits in size. surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. the lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. there is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax.
previous lower spine cervical fusion. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
change. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
there is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. no displaced rib fractures.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
interval removal of cardiac generator. cardiomegaly. left base streaky opacities again noted. no large focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no pneumothorax.
there has been interval cabg. sternotomy and cerclage appear intact. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
there is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal for age. there is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator repair on the right.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. scattered thoracic spine spurring.
both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits.
there is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. there may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. upper limits of normal heart size. mild central vascular prominence. old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
twoimages. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
normal cardiac contours. clear lung bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
chest. both lungs are clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine. disc spaces and alignment are normal. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the superior thoracic spine is again noted unchanged from prior. lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. no evidence of pneumothorax. no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. vague density in the medial right lung apex most representing overlying shadows of bony structures which is stable.
the heart size is mildly enlarged. the patient is post aortic valve replacement. the sternotomy are intact. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal in size. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. there are stable degenerative changes of the spine.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
there is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. volume loss of the right hand side. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart size.
no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
heart size near top normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cervical fusion . degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints.
the heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. no acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted.
cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. levocurvature of the thoracic spine. lumbar vertebral body stabilization .
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. the patient is mildly rotated. no focal consolidations pneumothorax or pleural effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced fractures.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
there is no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the heart pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
clear lungs. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the heart is enlarged. the left subclavian icd is again identified. there is again hilar enlargement superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. questionable thin walled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe only seen on the ap view and may represent artifact. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is stable marked cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. the left chest pacemaker is unchanged from comparison with fractured proximal lateral and both tips overlying the right ventricle. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with atelectasis without significant change. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
and lateral views of the chest were obtained . the lung volumes are low normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
lungs are clear. a calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities with b lines demonstrated. small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci which may reflect effusions. negative for pneumothorax. limited evaluation reveals the the grossly intact.
there is prominence of the right heart consistent with right atrial enlargement. a density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette suggesting left atrial enlargement. the cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. the mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. mild left apical pleural thickening. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 19 33.
upper mediastinal mass on the right has increased in opacity with some pressure on the right side of the trachea in the interval. no masses or infiltrates in the lungs. heart and remain normal.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. there is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered opacities in the bilateral lung bases. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. there is cardiomegaly. the contour of the ascending aorta is prominent consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. the lungs appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
sternotomy noted. suture material overlies the left upper lobe. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scarring left costophrenic unchanged. calcified granulomas noted.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal there is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. clear lungs there are no large pleural effusions no evidence of displaced fractures.
sternotomy appear intact. borderline heart size. aortic calcification noted. calcified mediastinal lymph unchanged. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragms. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. left axillary surgical clips. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right basilar calcified granuloma noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. atherosclerosis of the aortic . minimal densities left lung base. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
there is mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there are mild opacities bilaterally favoring scar or atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. visualized vertebral body are grossly intact.
heart size mildly to moderately enlarged. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding right greater than left indistinct vascular margination. no definite focal alveolar consolidation no pleural effusion demonstrated.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. there is minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. unclear whether this is a pulmonary findings or skeletal findings. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. the mediastinal contours are normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
left sided icd device and leads are stable. stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
low lung volumes bilaterally with lungs otherwise grossly clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified.
heart size is upper limits of normal. aorta is tortuous. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there is a posterior basilar opacity seen on lateral representing subsegmental atelectasis visualized on lateral view. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. scoliosis of the spine.
